What if you had an AI agent running
24/7? It does your emails, books your
meetings, sends your messages, handles
your calendar, and controls your browser
all while you sleep. This thing is
called Open Claw and it has 215,000
GitHub stars. That means 215,000 people
already said yes to this. It works on
Mac, Windows, Linux, your phone, even
your Apple Watch. It connects to
WhatsApp, Telegram, Discord, Gmail,
everything. And the best part is
completely free to run yourself. No
subscriptions, no middleman, just pure
AI automation on your machine. Today,
I'm giving you the full 5-hour course.
Every single thing, start to finish for
free. This is the only video you need.
Okay, let's talk about Open Claw. I want
you to picture this. You wake up in the
morning and your AI agent already
replied to three emails, booked two
meetings, sent a follow-up message to a
lead, and ran a full report on your
business. You didn't touch a thing. That
is what OpenClaw does. It's a
self-hosted AI agent. That means it
lives on your computer. Your data stays
private and nobody else is watching. No
big tech company sitting in the middle.
And it connects to Claude, GPT, whatever
AI model you want to use. We're talking
browser control, calendar automation,
chron jobs, mobile notifications, voice
commands, sub aents, and plugins. Over
5700 of them. This thing is basically a
full AI employee except it never sleeps,
never complains, and costs you almost
nothing to run. In this video, I'm
walking you through everything. setup,
integrations, automations, security,
advanced workflows, and real business
examples. And I'm going to show you
exactly how to use OpenClaw to grow a
community like the AI Profit Boardroom.
Real examples, real prompts, real
automations you can steal today. Stay
with me because in about 2 minutes, I'm
going to show you something that is
going to completely change how you run
your business. Let's go. OpenClaw new
free update. OpenClaw just dropped
something wild and it's completely free.
AI agents are now living, moving, and
working together inside a virtual world.
Not just answering questions, actually
existing. This changes everything about
how you think about AI automation. I'm
going to show you exactly what's
happening, why it matters, and how you
can use this right now. Stay till the
end because I've got something that's
going to save you hundreds of hours. So,
here's the deal. Open Claw just released
a massive free update, and most people
have no idea this is even a thing yet,
but this is one of those moments where
AI jumps a level. Not a small step, a
big one. Here's what's new. Open Claw
now lets AI agents live inside a virtual
world together. Not just one agent doing
one task, multiple agents running at the
same time in the same space with their
own lives, their own goals, and their
own ways of working together. Think
about that for a second. You've got AI
agents that can talk to each other, pass
information back and forth, divide up
work, and run on their own while you
sleep. That's not just a chatbot. That's
something completely different. Let me
break down exactly what this update
means and why you should care. First,
let's talk about what OpenClaw actually
is. OpenClaw is a free AI agent
framework. A framework means it's the
structure, it's the system, it's the
thing that lets you build and run AI
agents without having to code everything
from scratch. You just plug in the
logic, point it at a task, and let it
go. Now, before this update, OpenC Claw
was already powerful. You could run a
single agent, give it a goal, and it
would figure out how to complete that
goal step by step. That alone is huge
for automation. But now, now it's a
whole different level. With this update,
OpenClaw agents now exist inside a
shared virtual environment. Picture it
like a virtual office. You've got
multiple AI agents walking around that
office. Each one has its own role. Each
one has its own task. They can
communicate with each other. They can
hand off work. They can even make
decisions based on what the other agents
are doing. This is what people in AI
call multi- aent systems. And it's one
of the fastest growing areas in AI right
now. The the reason it's so powerful is
because it mirrors how real teams work
in your business. You don't have one
person doing everything. You've got a
team. Everyone has a role. Everyone
talks to each other. Everyone moves the
work forward. Now, your AI can work the
same way. Here's an example. Let's say
you want to grow the AI profit
boardroom. You want more people joining
the community, more leads coming in,
more content going out. Before you'd
have to either do all of that yourself,
hire a team, or use a bunch of separate
tools that don't talk to each other.
With OpenClaw's new multi- aent setup,
you could run something like this. If
you want to see how this applies
directly to building and scaling your
own AI systems, this is exactly the kind
of thing we go deep on inside the AI
profit boardroom. It's the best place to
scale your business, save hundreds of
hours with AI automation, and get more
customers. If you want to learn how to
set up multi- aent systems like OpenClaw
for your business, the link is in the
comment and description. Agent one is
your research agent. Its job is to go
out and find what questions people are
asking about AI automation. What are
people typing into Google? What are they
struggling with? It feeds all of that
back to the system. Agent 2 is your
content agent. It takes what agent one
found and turns it into content. blog
posts, video scripts, email drafts,
social media posts, content that speaks
directly to what people actually want to
know. Agent three is your outreach
agent. It takes that content, finds the
right places to post it, and pushes it
out. Maybe it's engaging in communities.
Maybe it's building back links. Maybe
it's finding leads who'd be a perfect
fit for the AI profit boardroom. And all
three of these agents are running at the
same time in the same virtual
environment, passing information back
and forth, working like a team. Now,
that's just one example. The use cases
here are massive and we're just at the
start. Let me talk about the virtual
world piece because this is what makes
this update different from anything else
out there right now. Hey, most multi-
aent systems
just have agents sending messages to
each other like emails going back and
forth. Open clause new update gives
agents a shared space to exist in.
They're not just passing notes. They're
operating in the same environment. They
can see what other agents are doing. and
they can respond to changes in that
environment in real time. They can
adapt. This is much closer to how real
intelligence works. When you and your
team are in the same room, you're not
just sending messages. You're reading
the room. You're picking up on what's
happening around you. You're adjusting.
Open clause agents can now do something
similar. For anyone building AI
automation systems, this is a gamecher
because it means your agents can be more
flexible, more responsive, and more
effective at completing complex
multi-step tasks. And here's the thing
that really matters for you. This is
free. OpenClaw is an open- source
framework. You can download it, run it,
and build with it at no cost. That means
the barrier to getting started is just
about zero. One of the big things about
this virtual world setup is persistence.
That means the agents and the
environment they live in don't just
reset every time you run them. They can
remember. They can build on previous
work. They can develop over time. This
is huge because one of the biggest
problems with AI agents right now is
memory. Most AI systems forget
everything the moment the session ends.
You have to start from scratch every
time. But with a persistent virtual
environment, your agents can carry
context forward. They know what happened
yesterday. They know what tasks are
ongoing. They can pick up where they
left off. For business automation, this
is massive.
Think about a customer support agent
that actually remembers every past
conversation with a customer or a
content agent that knows what you've
already published and never repeats
itself.
Or a lead generation agent that tracks
every prospect and knows exactly where
they are in the pipeline. That's what
persistence unlocks. Now, let me talk
about how you'd actually get started
with OpenClaw. If you want to try this,
OpenClaw is available on GitHub. It's
open source. You can fork it, clone it,
and run it locally. The setup requires
some technical knowledge, but it's not
out of reach. If you're comfortable with
Python, you can get a basic agent
running in a few hours. The new multi-
aent virtual world features are part of
the latest release. You'll want to pull
the most recent version and check the
documentation for how to set up multiple
agents inside the shared environment.
Here's a practical way to start. Build
one agent first. Give it a single task.
Something simple. Maybe it's an agent
that pulls data from a website and
summarizes it. Get that working. Then
add a second agent that takes that
summary and does something with it.
Maybe it formats it into a post. Get
that working. Then you got two agents
talking to each other. That's a multi-
aent system. From there, you add more.
The key thing is to start simple. Don't
try to build the whole virtual office on
day one. Pick one workflow, automate one
thing, then build from there. For the AI
profit boardroom, for example, I'd start
with a research and content pipeline.
Agent one pulls trending topics in AI
automation every day. Agent 2 takes
those topics and drafts content
outlines. That's it. Two agents, one
workflow, but that one workflow could
save hours every week. There's also
something really interesting happening
in the broader AI world that this update
connects to. The whole industry is
moving toward what people call agentic
AI. That means AI that acts, not just AI
that answers. AI that takes steps, makes
decisions, uses tools, and moves work
forward on its own. OpenClaw is right at
the center of this shift. And the
virtual world update is a big signal of
where things are going. Multi- aent
systems with shared environments,
persistent memory, and real-time
coordination. That's the next phase of
AI automation. Now, if you want to dive
even deeper into AI automation, I've got
something special for you. I run a
community called the AI Profit
Boardroom. The best place to scale your
business, get more customers, and save
hundreds with AI automation. Learn how
to save time and automate your business
with AI tools like OpenClaw. And if you
want the full process, SOPs, and 100
plus AI use cases like this one, join
the AI success lab. You'll get all the
video notes from there, plus access to
our community of 45,000 members who are
crushing it with AI. The link is in the
comments and description. Today, we're
going to be looking at Star Office UI
and Open Claw. So, imagine open up your
laptop and seeing a tiny pixel office
where your OpenClaw is literally walking
around doing work and you can see what
it's doing in real time. That's Star
Office UI. It just hit 2,800 stars on
GitHub in less than a week. So, I'm
going to break down exactly what it is,
how it works, and how it's set up, even
if you've never touched code before.
This is a tweet by Min Choice, you can
see. And basically, this is kind of like
a UI where you've got your open clause
working inside the office um in real
time. Pretty cool idea. So, you can see
all of them in the same office, each
doing their own thing, right? Um as some
people say, visibility is the first step
to control. Now, what does it actually
look like in real time? So, here's an
example. You basically have a retro
pixel art office room. There's a desk, a
couch area, and a bug fixing area. And
your AI moves between these areas
depending on what it's doing. So, little
speech bubbles pop up showing what the
task the AI currently is working on. And
then there's also like a yesterday notes
card showing what the AI did yesterday.
It works in three languages, English,
Chinese, and Japanese. Switchable in one
click. And you can even use like AI
generated backgrounds to redecorate the
office um as well. Yeah, it's pretty
insane. Now, who is this for? Well, if
you use OpenClaw, this is really the
full experience. The OpenClaw agent um
can can walk around the office and that
sort of thing. If you don't use
OpenClaw, um I wonder if you can connect
this to other agents or whether it's
just for OpenClaw itself. That would be
interesting to know as well. But yeah,
pretty amazing
um and super fun to play with. So, if
you want to get the full video notes on
this and a full step-by-step guide,
we've got that inside the AR Profit
Warium link in the comments description.
I've shown you what it is, how it works,
what it looks like, and also how to
install it. Literally, just give the
GitHub link to your open claw. We've got
a full beginner's guide inside the air
profit boarding as you can see right
here, along with a full 6-hour course on
OpenClaw, another 3-hour course right
here. Um, and we update this daily with
all sorts of new trainings. This
community has 6,000 uh, sorry, 2,600
members, which means you can get help
and support whenever you need to, and
also you can post inside the community,
get help and support, and post your
questions, share your wins, etc. We also
have tons of trainings on like how to
automate your business, how to save
time, the playbooks I personally use,
daily updates, uh how to get more
clients,
how to rank number one inside Google and
AI search engines, and then also how to
grow your YouTube channel. So that's all
inside the AI profit board link in the
comments description or just go to the
April.com. Thanks for watching.
Appreciate it. Bye-bye. New openclaw
free update is insane. Today I'm going
to show you the brand new OpenClaw
update that just dropped. This thing is
free. It's huge. It fixes stuff that was
broken for months. And honestly, it
might make OpenClaw the safest AI agent
tool out there. Let's get into it. So,
OpenClaw just dropped version 226.2.26.
And look, I know version numbers are
boring, but this one is different. This
is not some tiny little patch. This is a
full security and reliability overhaul
and it changes everything about how you
run AI agents. Let me break it down for
you real quick. There are six big things
in this update. External secrets
management, threadbound agents,
websocket transport for codecs, Android
app improvements, a new agent routing
command line tool, and over 11 security
fixes. 11? That's not a small number.
Now, before I go deep on each one, let
me explain why this matters. If you've
been using OpenClaw to automate stuff,
you know it's powerful. You can run
tasks. You can build workflows. You can
connect it to almost anything. But
here's the problem. It had issues. Chron
jobs would fail silently. Credentials
were floating around in places they
shouldn't be. And if you were running
multiple agents at the same time, things
got messy real fast. This update fixes
all of that. So, let's go through it.
Number one, external secrets management.
This is massive. Before this update,
your API keys and credentials were just
kind of sitting there. Not great. Now
you've got a proper secret system built
right in. You use simple commands like
open claw secrets configure open claw
secrets apply open claw secrets reload
is clean. It's secure and it means your
tokens aren't just hanging out where
they shouldn't be. If you're running any
kind of automation that touches other
tools or platforms. This alone is worth
the update. You don't want your keys
exposed. Period. Number two, ACP
threadbound agents. Okay, this one is a
bit technical but stay with me. If you
use openclaw with something like discord
or telegram, you know, agents can get
confused between different conversations
like you're talking in one thread and
the agent starts mixing up context from
another thread. Super annoying.
Threadbound agents fix that. Each agent
now sticks to its own thread. It knows
where it is. It knows what conversation
it's in and it doesn't leak context
between sessions. This makes
multi-session workflows way more
reliable. Number three, websocket first
codeex transport. So if you're using the
OpenAI codeex back end with OpenClaw, it
now defaults to websocket instead of the
old method. What does that mean for you?
Faster connections, more reliable
communication, less stuff breaking
randomly. And if websocket doesn't work
for some reason, it falls back to SSE
automatically. So you're covered either
way. Hey, if we haven't met already, I'm
the digital avatar of Julian Goldie, CEO
of Goldie Agency. Whilst he's helping
clients get more leads and customers,
I'm here to help you get the latest AI
updates. Julian Goldie reads every
comment, so make sure you comment below.
All right, back to it. Number four,
Android app improvements. Now, this one
is interesting because it shows where
OpenC is heading. They've added better
device status info, device info
commands, and notifications listing.
What does that tell us? They're building
toward a full native AI assistant
experience on your phone. We're not
there yet, but this is a big step in
that direction. Imagine having your own
AI agent running tasks right from your
Android device. That's where this is
going. Number five, agent routing CLI.
This is a new set of command line tools.
You can now bind and unbind agents to
specific accounts and channels. So, if
you've got multiple agents doing
different things across different
platforms, you can map them out cleanly.
You can see what's connected where. You
can manage the whole thing from the
command line. Simple, fast, no
confusion. Number six, security
hardening. And this one is probably the
most important. They pushed over 11
security fixes in this single update
file include validation, exec approval,
tightening, srf guardrails. If you don't
know what those mean, don't worry. The
short version is this. There were ways
bad actors could potentially mess with
your open claw setup. Things like log
poisoning where someone injects bad
content into your logs to trick the
system or attacks through websocket
connections to your local machine. These
fixes close those doors. And here's some
important context. Microsoft Security
Researchers recently came out and said
OpenClaw should be run in isolated
environments like virtual machines, not
on your regular work computer. That's a
big deal. And it tells you that even
Microsoft is taking this tool seriously
enough to study it and warn people about
it. This update directly addresses a lot
of those concerns. But here's the thing.
No update replaces good security
practices. If you're running AI agents,
you should still be careful. Use
isolated environments. Keep things
locked down. Don't just trust that any
single update makes you bulletproof.
Now, let me talk about the real world
benefits because features are cool. But
what actually changes for you? First,
chron jobs actually work now. If you've
beenuling tasks and they just silently
fail, that should be fixed.
Second, less wasted tokens.
When agents mess up and retry over and
over, you burn through resources for
nothing. The stability fixes here reduce
that. Third, if you're on a team, this
is way safer to use now. The secrets
management alone makes it viable for
team environments. Fourth, multi- aent
workflows are cleaner. If you're running
several agents at once, they play nicer
together now. Now, if you want to learn
how to actually use tools like OpenClaw
to automate your workflows and scale
your business, you should check out the
AI profit boardroom. is the best place
to learn how to use AI agents like
OpenClaw to automate tasks, get more
customers, and build systems that run
without you. I'll drop the link in the
description and comments. All right, so
how do you actually get this update?
Super simple. If you already have
OpenClaw installed, just run openclaw
update. That's it. One command. If
you're starting fresh, head to the
GitHub page and follow the install
instructions. I'll link everything
below. One thing though, if you're
running Open Claw in production right
now, read the migration notes first.
Don't just slam the update button and
hope for the best. Some of the changes,
especially around secrets, management,
and agent routing, might need you to
reconfigure a few things. Take 5
minutes, read the notes, then update.
You'll thank yourself later. Let me also
talk about what this update doesn't do
because I think that's just as
important. This is not a flashy features
update. There's no new AI model
integration. And there's no wild new
capability that makes you go, "Wow." And
that's actually a good thing because
what OpenClaw needed was exactly this.
Stability, security, reliability. The
foundation had cracks and they went in
and fixed them. That's what mature
software looks like. And it tells me the
OpenClaw team is thinking long term.
They're not just chasing hype. They're
building something that actually works
in the real world. Now, here's what I
think is coming next. The Android
improvements tell me they're going
mobile in a big way. The threadbound
agents tell me they're thinking about
multiplatform support more seriously.
And the secrets management tells me they
want enterprise teams to adopt this. So
if you're watching this and thinking
about whether to start using OpenClaw,
now is actually a great time. The tool
is more stable than it's ever been. The
security is tighter and the road map
looks solid. So here's my take. If
you're already using OpenClaw, update
now. Read the migration notes. Update
and test your workflows. If you're not
using it yet, go check it out. It's
free. It's open source. And with this
update, it's genuinely ready for real
work. Now, if you want to take this
further and learn how to use AI tools
like OpenClaw to automate your entire
business, join the AI profit boardroom.
You'll get step-by-step processes for
setting up AI automation, plus a
community of people who are actually
doing this every single day. Link is in
the description and comments below. And
if you want the full process, SOPs, and
over 100 AI use cases like this one,
join the AI success lab. It's free.
Links in the comments and description.
You'll get all the video notes from
there, plus access to our community of
38,000 members who are crushing it with
AI. Make sure you like this video,
subscribe if you haven't already, and
drop a comment telling me which feature
from this update you're most excited
about. Julian reads every single
comment. I'll see you in the next one.
openclaw use cases. So, I just built a
website with over 500 openclaw use
cases, and today I'm going to show you
exactly how to use it. This is organized
by category. It also shows you, for
example, who's using it, how to get
access to it. The prompt you can just
copy and paste to start automating with
this task. And you can click between or
search inside this section to get over
500 use cases across 14 different
categories uh with 500 different copy
and paste prompts. And all of these have
proven case studies and links to example
case studies as you can see right here.
So, if you're looking for real ways to
use OpenClaw, this is one of the best
ways to do it. Most people set up
OpenClaw and then just kind of stare at
it. They have no idea what to do with it
and that ends today. This website is
basically a cheat code because you have
over 500 real things you can make open
claw do for you right now, not someday
today. Plus all the copy and pasteable
prompts to use it too with links to
example case studies for each use case.
So we're talking for example building
tools, running tasks, automating your
entire workflow all without writing a
single line of code. And the crazy part
is most people with open crawl have no
idea any of this is even possible. And
that's exactly why we built this. So
today I'm going to talk you through the
whole setup, show you how to find the
right use cases for you and I can show
you how we can test some of them live
together. So by the end of this video,
you're going to know exactly how to make
OpenClaw 100 times more powerful. So if
we have a look at OpenClaw and the setup
right here, basically what you can see
is that we've split this into
categories. So we've researched all of
the use cases. So for example, if we
have a look at this um you can see that
we've actually for example taken the
morning brief example use case which is
from this website right which is looking
at how people are using openclaw and
then what we've done is we've created a
prompt where you can just implement that
yourself right so if you want to just uh
steal this example you can just copy and
paste a prompt then you can go over to
open claw and use this example case
study um right here. So, we can just
paste that prompt right here and we can
say, "Okay, every day I see it 7:00 a.m.
send me a morning brief with unread
email summary, today's calendar,
weather, and my top three tasks." Right?
And then if I paste in that example
prompt into OpenClaw, it's going to
implement it right now, right? And
that's basically how all of this works.
So, it's a really simple setup. It's
super easy to use and basically you can
just check out whatever you want. So for
example here we could for example in
inbox um and declutter our emails right
we could turn our meeting notes to
action items. All of these prompts are
examples of real ways people are
actually using this. So we even for
example said maintain my grocery list
when I say add um x add it group items
by produce um and whenever I ask and
give me the list whenever I need it.
Right? All sorts of stuff. Now if we go
to for example like content creation we
can say okay generate 20 YouTube video
ideas for niche channel include and then
it would just generate ideas for my
channel right here and again we have
links to the actual case studies of
people using this stuff right so for
example here I actually linked to
Matthew Burman's article where he talks
about how to use this sort of stuff and
if you need like more information on
that particular topic or if you want to
just dive deeper into it right so it's a
pretty amazing tool basically the way
that I built just to be 100% transparent
with you is I went into Claude and just
said like give me 500 use cases of how
people can use AI and and what it works.
Let me try and find the original chat
here. Yeah. So this is basically how we
built it like just so you know how to
build your own version if you wanted to.
So we said like find me 500 use cases
for openclaw and then a lot of the links
came back super generic. The links
weren't correct for most of them and
then from there we gave it more ideas,
more briefing on how to do it. added a
CTA to our community on top of it. And
then um also created a full step-by-step
guide on on what Open Claw is and that
sort of thing. And then once you've done
that and once you've generated a website
like you can see right here with the 500
use cases, um you can just click on
share artifacts and that's how you can
create an awesome website like this,
whatever tool you want to learn about.
So if you want to get the full details
on that, we've actually got it for free.
If you want to get access to this
website, it's completely free inside the
AI success lab link in the comments
description. So just go to the classroom
and then you would go to this section
here, the March 2026 version and you can
just get access right there. Click on
that link and it takes you directly to
the website where you can just search
through and use it however you want to.
So if you're wondering, okay, what are
the best skills, the best use cases, how
it works, etc., it's all right here for
you for free. So that's basically it for
me. Thanks very much for watching today.
That is 500 use cases on how OpenAI
works. If we have a look at the main use
cases here, so you got like productivity
and admin, developer and coding, content
creation, research and learning. Uh
marketing and SEO is a big big one. So
I'd recommend checking out that. That's
probably one of the most useful
sections. Communication and messaging.
You got smart home and personal life.
This is quite interesting as well cuz
like a lot of people are using this for
their personal life too, not just for
like business related stuff. And you can
see some examples of prompts um and how
people using this with uh links to case
studies and everything else. We've also
got stuff for example for like community
and social data and analytics automation
integration like you can actually this
is quite interesting. So for example, if
you want to create sub agents, we have a
prompt for it right here with examples
of how it works. And you can see here
the prompt is like root task to
specialized agents, coding task to
whatever. And you can separate your open
claw into different agents depending on
the work um required. So that's all
inside here with advanced prompts and
and copy and pasteful use cases as you
can see. So thanks very much for
watching. Appreciate it. If you haven't
already, feel free to check out the AI
profit boardroom. This is my AI
automation community where we really
deep dive on stuff like openclaw link in
the comments description or just go to
the arprofitboard.com. This really
focused on helping you save time and
scale with automation. So for example,
we have a daily accountability group
where you can post your goals, stay
accountable um and make sure you avoid
information overload plus see what other
people working on which is great. We
have a weekly update post. So each week
I condense my 60 hours of re research
into what's good and what you can safely
ignore to save you time. You can post
questions inside the community, get help
and support whenever you need to. And
then also inside the calendar here, you
can jump on weekly video calls, get help
and support in real time. These are Zoom
meetings where you can actually meet the
community as well. Inside the map, you
can actually zoom in on your local area
and meet cool people in your area, which
is awesome. Then inside the classroom,
you can get all of my best training. So
for example, you can go from beginner to
expert with AI automation and learn how
to build your first AI agent in under
five minutes. Additionally, inside the
classroom, you can get my best playbooks
on, for example, how to automate X,
newsletters, shorts, AI avatar videos,
and everything else. Additionally, you
can get my daily updates. So inside this
section, we update this with all the new
updates. So recently for example today
we created a new training on open AI uh
openclaw AIO lobster board 500 openclaw
use cases. You can see we've already
covered a video on chat GBT 5.3 instant
and Gemini 3.1 flashlight. These came
out today and we just cover them as soon
as we can with a video tutorial and a
step-by-step guide so you can implement
and learn how to use this stuff yourself
and we do that every single day, right?
Um also inside the classroom here you
can learn how to get more clients with
the agency course. You can watch about
the coaching calls over here. You can
connect with me personally. So you can
actually direct message me personally
inside here. And then you can learn how
to rank inside Google AI search engines
with this section and how to grow a
YouTube channel with AI based on what's
working for me. Open claw and lobster
board is insane. So open claw just got a
superpower upgrade and when you combine
it with lobster board it becomes
something completely different. So
lobster board is a free tool that gives
you one single screen showing everything
and you can host this locally for free.
Here's an example of what it looks like.
So you can add all these different
widgets for your open claw. And
basically this is a free tool where you
can check for example your AI agents
activity, how many tokens it's used, the
tasks, website traffic, service stats,
all live, all in real time, all in one
place. And most people using OpenClaw
have no idea what their agent is
actually doing. This fixes it
completely. And we're setting up the
whole thing together today. I'll show
you how to build it from scratch. Right
now, if you're running Open Claw and you
don't have this set up, then potentially
you don't really know or understand what
your agent's working on, where it's
doing things, and you have no easy way
of seeing it all at once. Lobster Board
basically changes that, and it's a free
way to set this up, as you can see right
here. So, we're going to just have a
look at this. We'll look at how to build
dashboards together live. There's 50
widgets. You don't need to code. You can
get it set up in a couple of minutes.
And by the end of this video, you'll
have a beautiful live command center
showing you exactly what your AI is
doing at all times. So let's build it
right now. So this is lobster board and
basically I've already got it installed
inside open claw. Let me show you an
example of how that worked. Right. So we
literally said can you install this?
Gave it a link to the GitHub for lobster
board. And then once we did that we
actually got this installed. Now this is
basically a self-hosted drag and drop
dashboard. So you can kind of build your
own sort of mission control like you see
here with system log, the schedule
tasks, what you're working on today, the
calendar, everything connected to Opal
Claw, but in a more visual way cuz if
you for example just use a chat like you
can see right here, there's not that
much to organize, right? It's just like
it's a little bit messy. You can go
through the sections on the left hand
side here, but it's not really like a
mission control dashboard. This is
essentially what you're building inside
Lobsterboard. So, it took a couple of
minutes to install that and we literally
said, "Can you install this?" Then it
thought for a few minutes and then said,
"Sure, lobster board is up and running
here." And then if we go to that link,
you can see an example. If we edit out
the layout, you can then edit this how
you want to. Now, you can switch between
five different styles as you can see.
So, you can switch between all these
different cool styles of the way it's
laid out. So, you get a lot of um
customization. Then, you can also switch
between the zoom and how much you want
to zoom in and that sort of thing. So,
we're just going to leave that on
default. You can change the canvas size.
So this is the canvas for your dashboard
that you can sort of build out. And then
there's a bunch of other stuff cool here
that you can for example like check out
templates, you can export templates, you
can clear the whole screen as well. So
we can actually clear all the widgets
off the screen there. And we can preview
that as well and then save it once it's
done. So if we have a look on the left
hand side, we've got for example like we
can add a little countdown here. We can
scroll down. We can add like details
about our system like the CPU, the dis
usage, etc. Network speed which is
pretty useful. You can add docker if
you're running open claw through through
docker as well which is easy. And then
if you just click on something you want
to delete it you can just click on
delete inside your keyboard and it will
delete that directly there. There's
other interesting stuff as well. You can
add like a sleep score. So I can get I
guess you can connect that to like anor
ring or something like that which is
pretty interesting. And then over here
we have the open claw release calendar.
So you can actually check for new
releases and these are like specific to
open claw right. So on the left hand
side you'll see that you've got like
system dashboards, you got the basics.
So this is just like generic info. But
the most important thing that probably
most people would use here is the open
claw um linked widgets, right? So you
can add like chronobs um system, you can
add the release details, you can add the
activity list, etc. Right? As you can
see, and then you can resize these as
well. So we can move them around or we
can resize them in the bottom left like
you can see. Um, but it's a really easy
way to just build out like an awesome
missing control, right? It's kind of
like drag and drop. No messing around.
Super simple. OpenClaw can set it all up
in a couple of minutes. And it's
completely free to set up as well,
right? Look at that. But what else can
we do here? We can add like a to-do
list. So, we can edit a to-do list,
which is pretty nice as well. And
you can change the settings on the right
hand side. So, you can say, okay, here's
a widget type, title, position, um,
here's how often it should refresh, and
then here's the content. um adjustable
things as well. If you want to delete
anything, you can just click on it and
then click delete widget over here. And
then you can add like even like the
GitHub stats. You can add all sorts of
crazy stuff or quote of the day, which
is pretty nice. Content. So you can
actually iframe embed a website on here
or you can add a new image and that sort
of thing. You can add like quick links
if you just want to quickly link out
from your dashboard from anywhere. And
that's basically how it works, right?
Then once you've done that, you can
click on save. Then once you've done
that, you can click on preview. And this
is what your dashboard looks like,
right? So, for example, here, if we
actually go back to open call control
and we click on that link, we've got the
dashboard that we literally just set up
over here, right? Super simple and easy,
very intuitive to use. You can customize
it as much as you want and it gives you
a ton of different widgets. You can see
here, obviously, it's not like I've not
made it look super beautiful because I'm
just doing this on a live stream right
now and I'm doing it live in front of
you guys. But how cool is that? Like you
can it's even linked directly to um
everything automatically. So for example
here it's automatically taken the
information from openclaw. It's got the
information on the latest release of
openclaw how much disc space this is
taken up how much system memory is
taking up as well and then the system
log as well um and whether openclaw is
actually up to date. So you can just get
all the key information about open claw
and just manage it in one single place.
And I think this is the way that open
calls go in. It's like you know you can
have different templates you can have
like mission control and just easier
ways to orchestrate and organize open
core. I think that's that's the way that
most people want to be uh running this
stuff. Let's have a look what we got on
the questions. Honestly love this. Thank
you so much, sir. What do you think is
the best workflow for building complex
mobile apps? The one that I've seen
that's the best is Rock is amazing for
creating apps and it makes it super
simple to get them published as well.
So, I'd recommend that instead. What
else we got here? Steven says, "Would
you recommend Perplexi Computer or Open
Claw for updating blogs?" For updating
blogs, I would recommend um using
OpenClaw instead. That's actually proven
for me. Plexi computer is great for like
just going off and doing tasks
autonomously, but it doesn't link to
other things that well so far. I think
they're actually updating I saw it this
morning where they're going to add an
update where it links it to skills, but
currently that is not set up. Do you
actually run openclaw agents? Yes, as of
shown today. So, we've already shown for
example an example workflow where I was
ranking um with the content the SEO
content that OpenClaw created. So, it's
pretty simple. What skills would you
recommend for OpenClaw? And so if you go
to the classroom inside the AI
profitable board link in the comments
description and then just go to the
skills update. So we've we've got a
bunch of ideas on skills and that sort
of thing. I also show you like how to be
careful with this stuff because if
you're installing anything related to
open quil you always want to be checking
okay um what the skill MD files saying
etc. Uh is it secure and I have a lot of
training on all of that inside there.
What's the desktop? Is it free? Yes, you
can use um what is it now? We've got a
full training on it inside this section,
right? It's Clorox. That's the one that
I checked out yesterday. So, it's a
desktop app for open claw. Cory says, "I
have my open claw running on a VM in OVH
cloud. How can I actually connect to
other services?" So, you just give it
the API. So, if you want to connect it
to 11 Labs, for example, for generating
voice um outputs, then you would just
get an API for 11 Labs and give it to
Open Core and say like, "Save this as a
skill. How can I get open court to send
me reminders through Discord? So, you
would connect it to Discord. We've got
lots of training on that inside the
course here. Right. And once you've
connected it to Discord, in fact, let me
show you something even better. So,
inside this section, we have a full
section on Discord parallel agents and
how to set those up. Once you've
connected it to Discord, you can
actually say, okay, schedule this task
and give me reminders like every 5
hours, for example, inside Discord. So,
it's pretty simple. What do I tell
OpenCloud to install this dashboard? So
to install the dashboard, all you do is
you say, "Can you install this?" And
then you paste in the GitHub link, which
you can see from Lobsterboard right
here. And uh Sebastian says, "Have you
seen the guy that made an iOS um app
factory?" No, but that's pretty cool. I
like the idea of that. That's awesome.
There's so many cool people doing so
many cool things with OpenClaw. And I
think that's the fantastic thing about
it being open source. So that is
basically how to use Lobster Board.
That's that's how it works, etc. I've
shown you how to install it, shown you
how to set it up, how to use it, and how
it works in real time. It's really cool.
It's a really powerful tool. If you want
to get a full guide on how to use it,
all the best ways to use it, etc., you
get that inside the AR profit boarding
along with all of my best trainings on
OpenClaw. So, you can see, for example,
here we give you a six-hour course on
how to use OpenClaw. Here we have
another three-hour course on how to use
it with all the best use cases and a
step-by-step guide. We update this
daily. So we add new trainings every
single day on openclaw and all the new
updates that come out just to help you
as much as we can. So for example,
recently we compared all the
alternatives, show you how to run
openclaw for free with o lama and we
even for example show how to set up
mission control with openclaw to build
like awesome dashboards automatically.
So you don't even need to drag and drop
this stuff. So you can get that all
inside the arprofit boarding link in the
comments description or just go to the
arprofitboarding.com. This is my AI
automation community that helps you save
time, scale, and grow with AI
automation. Now, inside the community,
you can ask questions, get help, get
support whenever you need to. We also
have a daily accountability group so
that you can stay focused and avoid
information overwhelm. And additionally,
you can see that what I do is I condense
my 60 hours of research each week on AI
tools and I show you what's interesting,
what's useful, and what you can safely
ignore so that you save time. Right? So,
it's just like here's the top three most
useful things that came out this week.
Here's everything else you can safely
ignore. Additionally, you can see here
that for the AR profit boarding, we
actually have over 133 pages of
testimonials from happy people inside
our school community. So, you can see
lots of people getting wins. It's pretty
much a infinite scroll at this point.
And you can see some of the awesome
stuff people are winning with this
stuff. So, that's great to see too.
Also, inside the calendar, you can get
four weekly coaching calls. You can get
weekly coaching calls and jump on live
calls and get help and support in real
time. Inside the map, you can connect
with local community members. What this
means essentially it's like a networking
group where you can meet cool people in
your area and you can connect with them
locally which is great. Just zoom in on
the area. Inside the classroom you can
get access to all of my best training.
So you can go from beginner to expert
with AI automation and learn how to
build your first AI agent in under five
minutes. Additionally, you'll get all my
best playbooks. So for example, you can
learn how to automate AI avatar videos,
shorts, Instagram, newsletters, Twitter,
etc. We have all of my best automations
inside the classroom. And then
additionally, you can see that we update
daily with new interesting guides inside
the SP update section. So, I just look
at everything that comes out. I'm like,
right, boom, here's the most interesting
stuff for you. Openclaw AI SEO 0 to 780
SEO traffic a day. So, OpenClaw just
became the most powerful free SEO tool
on the planet and it's getting websites
to the top of Google. Like you can see
it's actually done with mine directly
over here. So you can see us ranking
directly inside Google AI overviews as
well as on the first page of Google
using this method. You can also see for
example on our traffic that spiked up
dramatically since before and after
using AI SEO and particularly open to do
this. So I'm going to guide you through
the process. We're talking about going
from zero visitors to 780 clicks a day
using a free AI agent that researches
topics, writes full blog posts and
publishes them to your website on your
own every single day without you doing
anything. And we're going to test it
live together right now. Here's the
problem. Google rewards websites that
publish fresh content every single day.
But writing articles is exhausting. Most
people can't do it, so their websites
never grow. Open Claw can help you fix
that. You tell it once. It does writing,
does publishing, does the research all
on autopilot. I'll show you how today.
And I'm going to show you exactly what
we did to get this article ranking on
Google like you can see and how we went
from like literally u we were getting
like no clicks a day back over here um
to the point now where we are getting
some days like 780 clicks a day from uh
you can see yesterday we grew to around
about 500 or 28 clicks per day using
this method. So I'm going to guide you
through and show you how. So here's an
example. So actually she said create an
SEO optimize article for this um use
this prompt etc with open claw. So we're
using open claw inside telegram. If you
don't know what openclaw is basically
it's an AI assistant that can go off and
do things for you um and you can install
it locally. Now you can use this same
method with any sort of um AI agent that
you want but I just like to use open
claw. I can easily give it source
context. I can even give it the
tonality. I can use Claude Sonic for
writing the content and it can do a
pretty good job for me. Now, if we have
a look as an example, um you can see
actually created the content directly
here. So, this is the article that it
created for the website. And if you're
wondering, okay, like can it publish
directly to WordPress as well? Yes, it
can. And I'll show you an example. So,
for example, if we go over to OpenClaw
here and I'll talk you through exactly
how this works. So you can see that
basically it can publish articles
directly to WordPress like this inside
open claw right which is pretty insane.
So it can actually for example create
content on our website just using our
keyword and we're good to go on that. So
we can see an example of the WordPress
publish page here. Also gives us a local
guide file as well. Let's have a look at
another one. So if we click on the chat
you can see another example. So actually
created this article directly on Kimmy
K2.5 and Claudebot aka Mobot and how to
rank with it and the article itself
looks pretty nice like look at the
design the CTAs throughout the page even
created an image with nano banana and
then published it to the page as well.
So let me talk you through exactly how
this works in a few separate steps. So
number one what you want to do really is
you want to make sure that when you're
publishing to WordPress inside the chat
go over to your website. So for example
like this and there's two things that
you need. Number one, you need a login.
So you need to get the login details for
the website. So you can just create a
separate user for OpenClaw. I'll talk
you through how to do that in a second.
So there's so many pop-ups in WordPress
crazy. So you can see an example of our
open claw right here. So this is a
separate account we created for
OpenClaw. And then the other thing that
you need for openclaw when you're set up
with WordPress and you just give these
login details directly to um the AI
agent is you need to get an API token
key. So you get an API token key. You
can see an example right here. So you
can add an application password and that
just allows you to connect the login and
the API token directly to your website
so that when you put it inside the chat,
it can then create content directly
using that API. Right? So two literally
two things you need from WordPress.
Number one, login details, username,
password, and then the second one is of
course the API token. Both of those you
can generate inside WordPress. I've
shown you how to do that today. Once
you've done that, you then need a good
prompt for creating the content. Now,
you can just say like um just you can
just say like create a nice article or
whatever if you want, but what I'd
recommend is using a prompt like for
example, we have inside the AR profit
boardroom. So, if you go to the
classroom here, scroll down. The prompt
that we use is in this section, right?
So, we have a full section on like how
we create articles and rank them using
AICO. And they're the exact same
instructions and the prompt which you
can see down here. um you can just grab
that in the description for using inside
the articles that we rank as well. So if
you want to rank those articles, we use
that prompt from that section and then
we use that to generate articles and and
get them ranking directly inside
openclaw and then you can see an example
of how it works here. So it's a pretty
simple process. You give the login
details to WordPress um to open claw.
Then once you've done that, you're going
to give it a prompt that helps it create
content. And then finally from that what
you want to do is just give it a keyword
so that it can start ranking it right.
Um and that's basically how it works
step by step. And then you can see here
our results with SEO here. So these are
some of the keywords that we're ranking
for like mobile alarm, anti-gravity,
etc. Stuff that that is trending right
now. We typically go for trending
keywords. The way that we decide on
those keywords we want to rank for is we
use ATF's keyword explorer. So if I go
to HFS over here and you can do this
inside Google autocomplete. You don't
have to use HFS like to use HFS data. So
we can go inside here. We can select for
example the United States inside the
country and then we can just type in for
example let's say we want to rank for
articles about openclaw. Well we can
find a bunch of easy keywords and
obviously openclaw itself pretty hard to
rank for. You don't want to go for that.
What you want to do is instead just find
some easy keywords like you can see
here. So these are low difficulty
keywords that you can easily rank for.
Right? So for example openclaw
installation guide pretty easy to rank
for. I could probably get openclaw to
create an article around that. um
publish it to WordPress, use the prompt
that I've given it, and then it can rank
it. Right? And that's basically what
we're doing to rank articles like you
can see right here. Right? So, it's a
pretty simple, repeatable process. That
content is still ranking directly inside
Google as well. Obviously, when we rank
for keywords like that, it generates
traffic to our website, which is awesome
and it's all easy to automate. The other
crazy thing here as well is that you can
actually
you you can actually uh create this
across multiple platforms as well,
right? So for us, for example, we have
multiple websites, we have multiple
platforms. We don't just rely on one
single platform to rank. Like we'll
create articles on X, on Reddit, uh all
sorts of different places because it's
so easy to create the content and
automate it and then publish it with
something like open claw. And that's
basically how the process works, right?
We actually got a full breakdown as you
can see inside the AR profit boardroom.
So step number one, you're going to
connect Open Claw to your website. Step
number two, you find a keyword. Step
number three, you're going to tell Claw
to write the article. And then step
number four, you're going to schedule it
to to run automatically each day because
obviously you can schedule tasks with
open claw. So you can say like create
one article a day on how to use it and
that sort of thing. We also have a full
6h hour course on how to use openclaw
inside the AR profitable boardroom. This
is basically my AI community with,500
members as you can see that shows you
how to scale, save time and grow with AI
automation. So inside the community you
can ask questions, you can get help, you
can get support whenever you need it.
There's always people online because
there's so many people inside the group.
We have a daily accountability group so
that you can stay 100% focused.
Additionally, what I also do is I
research these tools for like 60 hours a
week and then I condense it down into a
weekly update that you can just read
inside this section here so you can save
time and avoid overwhelm. Also, if
you're wondering, okay, like are people
getting results with this? How does it
work? What are people's experiences with
this? We've actually got 133 pages of
testimonials from people getting great
results with this. So, you can see all
the testimonials of people just getting
awesome results with our school
communities, which is great. And you can
see examples of each of these uh on
screen right now. So it's it's awesome.
I mean, it's pretty much an infinite
scroll of people and their wins and what
they're achieving through the school
group. So I'm super happy with that. And
also inside the calendar, you get four
weekly coaching calls. You can jump on
live video calls, ask questions, share
your screen, get help, get support
whenever you need to. You can meet
people in your local area via the map,
which is great. So it's kind of like a
network that connects you with loads of
people across the world. And then also
inside the classroom, you get all of my
best training. So, for example, if you
want to go from beginner to expert with
AI automation, learn how to build your
first AI engine agent in 5 minutes, you
can check that section out right here.
If you want to, for example, learn how I
automate X, newsletters, shorts,
Instagram, how I create avatar videos,
then we've got the full processes broken
down inside this section. If you want to
get the daily updates and all the AI SEO
training from today, including an extra
video tutorial, you can check that out
right here along with a full 6-hour
course on Open Claw and also another
3-hour course over there. We're also
updating this daily. So, you can see
we're just adding new trainings every
single day on how to use this stuff, how
to um implement. We've tested out
alternatives like Clorex, uh, Copore. We
show you how to run free local APIs like
for example OAMA with Quen 3.5 so that
you can actually connect this to um Open
Core and get it running for free as you
can see right here. So every single day
we're just updating this with new
guides, new information, new video
tutorials that help you grow based on
what I think is most useful for you. You
can also learn how to get more agency
clients with the agency course. So you
can watch your coaching calls back and
claw X just changed how everyone uses
OpenClaw. Most people have no idea
exists yet. So right now, OpenClaw is
one of the most powerful AI agent
systems on the planet. It can work for
you 24/7, automate your tasks, talk to
apps, schedule jobs, all of it. But
there's one massive problem. You have to
use command line to run it. And that's
like having a Ferrari, but the only way
to drive it with a manual written in
Japanese. So Claw X fixes that. And this
is a brand new free desktop app that
puts OpenClaw inside a clean, beautiful
um UI, as you can see right here. And
this runs via a desktop app, which is
pretty cool. Now, this is a brand new
free desktop app that basically helps
you use Open Claw, but you don't need to
type commands. You don't need any
confusing setup. There's no technically
needed. You just install it through a
setup wizard and then your AI agent is
live. And I actually got OpenClaw to set
up directly. So, I'll show you exactly
how I got that to work. And we can run
through that in a second. So if you go
back to open claw
which you can see right here what I
literally did and this was really easy
to set up. I just got the GitHub details
of claw X. So it's a free open source
project on GitHub as you can see. I took
the URL of GitHub then plugged it into
openclaw and said install this for
openclaw please. Right. and it kind of
creates X and as you can see this is
running locally but the interesting
thing about this is it's it's inside a
desktop app so it almost feels like
called co-work and that sort of thing um
which is pretty powerful. Now it took a
few minutes to generate but then once it
did it gives me an overview of what it's
doing, how it works, etc. It sets it up
automatically inside the chat as you can
see and then it will tell you okay this
is set up and good to go. Now it also
for example asked me it said installed
now as you can see. Um, but it did ask
me like, "Do you want to set this up as
an app
inside Mac OS?" And I was like, "Yeah,
let's do that." Right. And then from
here, we actually got the full app as
you can see. So, inside the desktop app,
we've got Telegram, Discord, WhatsApp.
It just makes it way easier to manage
and it's a pretty clean UI as well. So,
you can see we've got Discord connected
here and it gives you kind of like this
mission control as well. So, you got
like how many connected. Um, you can
easily like set up a new channel as well
if you want to set up a new channel
here. So you can click on Telegram, add
the bot token and the allowed user ID.
So it's really easy to connect other
apps. You could add WhatsApp and that
sort of thing as well. Just scan the QR
code. You can also, for example, go to
the dashboard here. This kind of like
mission control where you can see the
gateway, what skills you've set up,
everything else. And then you've got all
the models you're using over here.
Inside the settings, you can change
between light and dark. You can change
the language, the AI providers that you
have. So, it's quite easy to, for
example, add uh other APIs like you
could even add O Lama and run this for
free locally as well, which is pretty
cool. And then you can add custom AIs
here, but Anthropic, OpenAI, Google,
they're all available. And that means
you can just configure the setup of your
OpenClaw way faster by doing this. And
it's super easy to do. You can also
download the latest updates inside this
section. You've got the dashboard,
channels, skills, schedule, tasks, and
then the main chat, right? So you can
actually just chat with openclaw um
directly inside the chat here. So if you
say hey are you working this will be
connected to my open claw and the cool
thing about all of this is you can
easily get it to you can easily get open
core to set this up yourself right which
means you you don't even need to like
run the terminal commands to set it up
as well which is pretty cool right and
you can see here it's it's working
directly it's awesome. So let's see what
we got inside the questions here. Greg
says hey aren't you finding open core so
full of bugs? Absolutely. Yeah it's very
buggy. I mean, that's what you're going
to get with like open source projects,
right? Open source projects, you're
always going to get issues where it's
like where it's, for example, like
breaking or struggling or that sort of
thing, right? And it happens all the
time. So, um I would just be aware that
this can happen. There's some issues
from time to time, but yeah, you could
you you're going to get that with like
open source projects. It's not like
Claude where, you know, it's a really
clean smooth experience. Even like the
update in section here, it struggles
with, but that's basically how to set up
claw X. That's how to run it. You can
see here it's running inside the chat.
I've shown you how it works etc. And you
can run it just as an application which
is pretty cool. It's also quite easy to
create schedule tasks and manage your
schedule tasks as you can see. And the
other thing here is as well like it's
kind of managing all the all the
problems that people have right. So for
example people struggle with the the
terminal setup on open claw. So with
this you just have like a one-click
installation. the configuration files
can be quite difficult, but with claw X,
you get like the visual um real-time
validation and that sort of thing. And
then there's process management, uh
multiple AI providers, and it's much
easier to like add skills and plugins
and that sort of thing. So, that's
basically how to use it, how to set up,
how to get it working. I've shown you
what it looks like. It's pretty cool. Um
definitely worth checking out. Again, it
does feel like almost like the the
Claude co-work
if that makes sense. And you can get
OpenClaw to just set up inside the chat.
Just paste in the GitHub details. So,
thanks so much for watching. If you
haven't already, check out the AR Profit
Boarding. We've got tons of video notes
as you can see right here. We've also
got a full framework on how to use this,
a 30-day plan on how to set up a bunch
of use cases here as well, and also 100
prompts on how you can test this out
with Claw X, and just decide like, you
know, do you prefer the desktop app or
the gateway or that sort of thing. So,
that's basically how it works. Now,
inside the AR profit boarding as well,
we have a full 6-hour course on how to
master OpenClaw with step-by-step guides
and that sort of thing. We have another
three-hour course here and we update
this every single day with new updates.
So, for example, Quen 3.5 released a new
model you can run with OpenClaw this
morning. We've already done a video
tutorial on full step-by-step guide here
and we actually date the updates. You
can see for example, second of March, 1
of March, etc. And we're adding new
updates every single day. So, this is
all inside the AR profit boarding link
in the comments description or go to the
apiprofitboarding.com. Inside the
community, you can post questions, get
help, get support. There's always people
online cuz there's 2,500 people inside
here. I also do weekly updates. Now,
inside the weekly AI updates, what I do
is I look at my 60 hours of research
each week with AI, and I break down
what's useful and what's not, just to
save you time and to help you avoid
information overload. We also have a
daily accountability group. And again,
this just helps you avoid information
overload so you can stay focused and and
just really focus on what matters to you
most. Right now, inside the classroom,
you can get all of our best trainings.
So, for example, if you want to go from
beginner to expert with AI automation,
you can do that here. Plus, learn how to
build your first AI agent in under five
minutes. Additionally, you can get our
playbook which shows you how to automate
X, newsletters, shorts, avatar videos,
and everything else. Inside the SAP
updates, you can get daily updates like
you can see right here, um, with all the
new guides and that sort of thing. And
then you can also go inside the map and
meet people in your local area.
Additionally, you can learn how to get
more clients with the agency course. You
can watch about the coaching calls. You
can learn how to rank number one with AI
SEO and also how to grow a YouTube
channel with AI based on what's working
for me. So that's all inside the AI
profit boardroom link in the comments
description or go to the
aprofitboarding.com. Shackle says, "Are
the tears to claw a better or worse?"
Yeah, there's there's plenty of
alternatives that I've tested that have
just not been as good. We've got loads
of guides inside here. Does copore
support open router? I think it does as
far as I'm aware. I think so. Are there
tiers to claw? We already answered that
one. Claw X update open claw
automatically. Well, you just set up
auto updates inside the gateway of open
or if you want to automatically update
where it says I want to build an
autonomous job application setup. Yeah.
So, you can I I've done that with the
way that I did that before. I built a
job board with um data button. Data
button was the uh one that I used and we
have a full tutorial on how I did that
right here. Right. So, we have a full
tutorial on how data button worked right
there. So, that's basically how it
works. Thanks very much for watching.
Appreciate as always. I've answered all
the questions. Thanks for being on
today. I'll see you on the next one.
Cheers. Bye-bye. OpenClaw just dropped
its new free update for March the 2nd
and it's packed. We're talking AI that
can now read your PDFs instantly. AI
agents that can talk to each other and
hand off tasks without you lifting a
finger. Realtime responses to stream
live, so it actually feels like
conversation inside Telegram. Plus over
100 security fixes, so your setup is
better than before. This is not an
upgrade. This is a completely different
tool to how it feels like last week. And
here's the craziest part. It's
completely free. you can get updated and
set this up. Today, we're going to look
at every single one of these new
features together right now live so you
can see exactly what this thing can do
and whether it actually lives up to the
hype. If you've been waiting for one AI
tool to run your entire life, this might
be it. Let's find out. So, we're going
to get straight into this. You can see
the update right here. And this is the
update. Now, the first thing to note
here is the Telegram um streaming
example of the messages, right? So, you
can see the messages and how it comes in
in real time uh like this inside the
video. So, if you want to see the full
change log, here are all the new
updates. Like you can see, so a bunch of
changes, a heavy, heavy list of changes
as you can see. There must be what, at
least 50 different changes added to
this. And there's a bunch of new updates
here. Now, if you want to update this
automatically, what you can do is just
go to your config file here, scroll down
inside open core if you've got this
running, and then you're going to make
sure that you have auto update enabled
over here. Auto update. Right now, once
you've done that, we're going to go over
to the chat and we're going to click
update now. You can see the notification
here. So, it says the um 2nd of March
update is currently running the first of
March update. So, we need to update.
We're going to on that update now
button. Sometimes this breaks, sometimes
it doesn't work. We're going to figure
out what happens together and test it
out and we'll see how it performs. So,
it's beginning to update now. Sometimes
the gateway breaks. I will warn you now,
but if it does, it's okay cuz I'll show
you exactly how to fix it along the way
and how to get this working. Now, let's
talk about the update whilst it's
beginning to auto update itself. Um, and
we'll talk you through some of the
changes and how it happens. So, if
you've never heard of OpenClaw before,
I'll keep this short, but you're about
to be very happy on what you stumbled
on. This free tool got one of its
biggest updates ever. Um, and it's
basically like a really powerful sort of
AI that runs locally on your laptop and
it lets you, for example, connect AI
systems, automate tasks, build custom
workflows, and do all of this. And it's
completely free and open source to use.
You can even connect it to, for example,
uh, OAMA or Quen 3.5 and run this
locally without any API costs as well,
which is pretty awesome. So,
once we've done this, we can see it.
Now, I'm just going to check the
terminal and make sure that it's
working. Check the logs inside the
terminal. When I actually click update
now, it doesn't seem to be, but let's
see if it's working. Now, I'm just going
to say, "Are you working?" Sometimes it
just takes a little while to respond.
So, I'm going to see what happens uh
when we click are you working? It might
have just broken again. So, let's test
it out. And then let's talk about what
changed in the meantime. So, now you get
this sort of live uh messages inside
Telegram, right? So, what that means is
that you get the responses instantly and
you can see them as they go along inside
the chat, which is pretty cool. And then
also
you can basically when your AI responds
inside Telegram, the text now appears
word by word in real time just like
watching someone type. So here's the
example, right? So this is an example of
an open call responding and someone said
like send me a 30 line haiku and then it
started to produce the haiku in real
time right here. Right? It's pretty cool
because then you don't have to wait for
the whole message to load. You just get
it um good to go. Right? And so if we go
back inside the chat now, I'm just going
to say are you updated to the latest
version because you can see already that
it's it's getting buggy inside the chat
here. So if we click on update now, it
just it clicks updating and then stops
working, right? Um so I want to see what
it responds with now and just make sure
it is working on the right version. If
not, we might have to run a terminal
command to get it running. Um or we
could just uninstall it and then
reinstall it again using the newest
updates as well. Let's see what we got
inside the chats here. So, Sakura says,
"What is the best model to run locally
and get results?" So, I would recommend
checking out Olama Quen 3.5. GLM 4.7
Flash is a cloud model, but it runs
locally with OAM if that makes sense.
So, it runs via O Lama, but it's a cloud
API. But if you want like a fully fully
local way of running Open Core, then you
can use Olama 3.5. I actually did a
video on it earlier this morning and
created a full guide. You can check that
out inside the AI profit boardroom. So
if you go to the open claw plus aquen
3.5 plus alarm just dropped some smaller
models that are faster to run locally
but still very powerful and those were
just dropped a few hours ago. So I've
got a full guide and tutorial on how to
set that up as you can see right here
inside the air profit boarding. So let's
go back to the update details now and if
we go back to openclaw
you can see that it says we're actually
ahead. So, it is running the March the
2nd release. There does seem to be some
sort of bug inside the update section.
So, like when I click this, it doesn't
respond, but you can see here that it's
running the March the 2nd update, which
is great. So, it's good to go, right?
I'm just going to make sure. Are you I'm
going to say, are you running Let's just
copy this. Are you running the update?
If not, can you run can you update to
the
version the the March the second
version. So let's just see what it does
in a second. If not, what I'm going to
do is just I'm going to grab the URL
from the change log at the top here and
then we'll plug that back into OpenC
claw. So now it's beginning to check
with OpenClaw to see whether it's done
or not. In the meantime, let me talk you
through what the other updates are.
Right. So, one of the other cool things
here is ACP agents sub agents are now on
by default. Now, if you're wondering
what ACP is, ACP stands for agent
communication protocol. It's like a
walkie-talkie system that lets multiple
AI agents talk to each other and hand
off tasks. Now, bear in mind with ACP,
you can even, for example, um you can
even use something like uh Claude Code
with ACP if you've never seen that
before. And this is switched on by
default. Now, I'm sure you would have to
allow permissions to get it using claude
code, but you can see an example of how
this works. And this means it can
basically run like claude code locally
for you and a bunch of other sub aents,
right? So, your agents can build teams,
work together, um, spawn sub agents,
that sort of thing, right? So, if you're
wondering, okay, what changed? Well,
previously you had to manually turn this
feature on. Now, it's enabled
automatically when you set up Open Claw.
So, you could have like one AI agent
that handles custom questions, another
one that handles scheduling. With ACP,
they now automatically pass tasks to
each other without you having to be the
middleman, right? So ACP dispatch now
defaults to enable. Um, and if you're
upgrading from the older version and you
specifically don't want agents talking
to each other, you can manually turn
this off with this command right here as
you can see. So let's go back to
openclaw. See what we're doing. And it's
like, yeah, your open claw is already on
the 2nd of March. So this is interesting
because the button at the top doesn't
work right that it did update but it
doesn't tell me. Um so just make sure it
is running inside the chat if you want
to make sure right and if it's
struggling all you do I've done this
before if it breaks is like you copy the
URL over here you go back to openclaw
you paste it in the chat and you say
update to this version right so that's
how to update how to fix things if you
see any bugs or errors like I've just
seen then you can fix it quickly using
this method if we go back to openclaw
and the updates. Now the other thing is
native PDF tools. So your AI can now
read your documents. So what changed is
basically OpenC now has a built-in PDF
tool that lets your AI assistant read,
analyze and work with PDFs. And then the
supported AI providers include anthropic
and Google with automatic fallback for
other AI models. What this means is
basically like you can upload a PDF, the
AI can read and summarize it. You know,
you could drop in like a research paper,
the AI answers questions about it. You
can send a client proposal. The AI helps
you actually edit it as well. And there
are configurable limits which mean you
can control how large a PDF can be, when
you upload it, how many pages get
processed and which AI model handles the
reading. Right? The next one, OpenClaw
config validate. Right? So you can stop
breaking things before they break if
that makes sense. So this is quite an
interesting one. What changed is there's
a brand new command. It's called
openclaw config validate. Right? And
what it does is before you start up your
entire open core setup, you can now
check if your set settings are correct
first. Right? So basically it's like a
spell checker but for your AI
configuration on open core, it can catch
errors before they cause problems. Now
this is useful for you because like one
typo in a config file uh used to mean
like hours of troubleshooting and I
think we've all been there with open
claw. Now you can run one command and it
tells you exactly what's wrong and
where, right? And you can even run
openclaw validate JSON to get a clean
structured error report. There's some
other cool stuff as well. So for
example, one of the most popular
messaging apps in Vietnam, Zalo, used by
over 70 million people is now added
inside OpenClaw 2. And there's 100
security fixes. You can see a list of
all of them right here. Some other cool
stuff that didn't make the big headline.
So this is the big headline inside the
tweet in terms of what came in. But if
we go back to the updates, some other
stuff worth knowing. So you can use
locally hosted AI for memory search. Now
with O Lama, you can attach files when
spawning sub aents. You can reload the
config. You get transcripts of what the
AI agent actually heard if you want
that. You can do Docker health checks,
which means you can just check um if
your Docker if you're running it via
Docker, you can check if it's healthy or
not, right? Um and then you got funny
startup messages as well. So it's called
plug-in banner taglines. And basically
this means when it starts up um it it
gives you funny messages. That's
essentially it. So this is basically how
it works. And you you know you might be
wondering okay who is this update for?
So let me talk you through that. Right?
So if you're a business owner then the
PDF tool and the telegram updates are
going to give you like better customerf
facing AI bots, right? If you're an
e-commerce seller then multi- aent ACP
coordination automates more of your
workflows. If you're a content creator,
the Telegram uh updates with live
messages just makes AI interactions feel
more natural for you and your audience,
especially if you're showing this stuff.
And then it can also use alarm memory
and it's got more security patches as
well. If you're based in Vietnam,
obviously it's using ZLO now. And if
you're just an AI hobbyist, then there's
100 extra fixes, which means things
actually work better now. And that's
basically it. So that's how to update,
that's how to use it. You can see it's
working quite nicely here. pretty easy
to set up even for example we uh updated
the CLI as well directly using this too
and you can now use ACP agents so just
to recap the two long didn't read
openclaw is a free tool that connects AI
models to messaging apps and automates
workflows version the 2nd of March is
one of the biggest updates yet the six
big headline features are telegram live
messages ACP sub aents on by default
native PDF tool the config validator uh
zo plugin and 00 security fixes. If
you're struggling, um, you know how to
fix it as you've seen today. If you've
seen any issues and if you're new, this
is one of the best free automation tools
available right now. And this update
just makes it better, right? And the
other thing I would say here is like
they seem to be prioritizing security in
each of these updates. That's basically
how to get OpenClaw, how to use it, how
to set it up. If you want all the links,
we've got it inside the video notes
inside the air profit bomb today. This
also comes with a 6-h hour master class
on OpenClaw and another 3-hour one as
you can see right here with full courses
and setup guides and everything else and
all the best use cases. We're constantly
updating this community with all the new
updates. You can see we've actually
added one, two, three uh six updates
today on um the newest updates.
Yesterday we covered mission control for
openclaw, how to use openclaw with uh
clawed code as well. We've also got
other stuff on like open call versus
alternatives like accomplish. I've
pretty much tested like all the big
alternatives to open call. Um that's
basically how to use it. Now if you want
to check this out, this is the AI profit
boardroom link in the comments
description or just go to the
apiprofitboard.com.
And if you want to learn how to save
time, scale and grow with AI automation.
This one of the best places inside the
community. You'll get access to 2,500
entrepreneurs who are doing similar
things as you. You get a daily
accountability group so you can check
in, post your goals and stay 100%
focused. You can ask questions to get
help and support inside the community
too. And I also post weekly updates,
right? So I actually tell you what's
worth paying attention to, what to
ignore. As you can see right here, we
added a new weekly update today. I
usually spend about 60 hours testing
this stuff each week. And so like I just
condense that down into like here's the
stuff to to figure out, here's the stuff
you should try, like top three things,
and then here's all the other stuff you
can ignore. And if you're wondering,
okay, like are people getting results
with stuff like this? You can actually
see we have over 133 pages of wins from
happy people inside our school
communities. So you can see all the
wins, all people getting results with
this stuff. It's pretty much an infinite
scroll as you can see right here. Just
loads of people getting awesome results
which is great to see. Inside the
community as well, you get four weekly
coaching calls. You can jump on these
video coaching calls, get help, get
support whenever you need to. You can
meet people in your local area. Just
zoom into the area that you want. And
then also inside the classroom, you can
see that we have a 5week master class
that takes you from beginner to expert
with AI automation and teaches you how
to build your first AI agent in under 5
minutes. Additionally, you'll learn all
of my best playbooks I personally run
for my business. So, for example, like
AI avatar videos, shorts, Instagram
newsletters, X, and everything else. We
also have a full course for agencies.
So, if you want to learn how to get more
clients, you can check that out here. If
you want to get the latest updates, just
check out this section. And you can see
we update it every day with the most
important updates. And then if you want
to watch about the coaching calls
course, you can do that over here. If
you want to learn how to rank one with
AI SEO, you can check that out. And
also, if you want to learn how to grow a
YouTube channel based on what's working
for me with AI, there's a training on
that, too. So, let's just check out the
questions. I think we got one more from
Naim who says, "How to get Kim K 2.5 for
free or the Miniax 2.5?" Right? So,
there's a few different ways. Let me I
want to talk to you. But so what I would
say one of the easiest ways you can do
this right is you can actually go to
um in inside the onboarding for openclaw
you can select miniax right and if you
do the oorthth then you automatically
get opted in for free uh seven days for
free as a um free trial for miniax
coding right so if you select miniax on
the on boarding for openclaw then you
get 7 days test out miniax for free with
openclaw directly right? Automatically
um subscribes you to the coding plan. So
that's one option. The other option is
if you want to get Kim K2.5 for free.
You can do that with OAMA, right? So you
can check out Kim K 2.5 on OAM. We
actually have full guides on both of
these things as well as GLM 4.7 flash.
So, if you type in inside the air
profitable boredom, if you type in the
search bar GLM4.7,
then you can see how to set it up inside
this tutorial, which is a full video
guide plus a step-by-step process that
talks you through it. Right? If you want
to learn how to set up Kimik 2.5 with
OAM for free, then you can check out
this video guide and the full setup
instructions right there. So, whichever
setup you prefer is waiting inside there
for you. And then also if you want to
check out how to set up Miniax M2.5,
then you can check this out directly
inside here as well. So we talk you
through exactly how to set that up with
a video tutorial and a full guide as you
can see. So if you go inside the
classroom here and then you go to SOP
updates, we have a full video tutorial
on null claw. We set it up, we tested
it, we we created a 30-day road map for
it and also 100 prompts on how to use
it, right? So if you want to check that
out, that's inside here. As you can see,
open claw plus quen 3.5 plus armor, the
free AI local coding agent that runs
24/7. So open just became completely
free and it's because of it. Brand new
model just dropped today from quen 3.5
and we're testing out today. So you can
run it locally, bring it into open AI
agent free right now. Today talking
about an AI that simple automate tasks
run 24/7 automates tons of coding and
stuff as well for you. And here's a
crazy part. The 9B model just beats AI
models three times size crushing
competitors multiple benchmarks. This
isn't just free alternative. This is
what is better than what some people aim
for. Nobody's talking about this yet. In
this video, we can see it running
directly here. and I'll show you how to
set up data stream and how to run it
locally directly. So what you can see is
we set this up this morning and it just
relaunched inside the chat. So this is
running with the local model and you can
see I just double checked with it. So I
said what API are you using inside of it
I said I'm running with five model
locally on your Mac Studio. Right. So
it's definitely worked. It's definitely
responsive. You can run it for free.
I'll show you exactly how to set this
up. You can see that we run this inside
the terminal here. And the way that you
can run this inside the terminal is you
just go to OAMA. You want to make sure
you have O Lama downloading. Okay, now
it's pretty simple. You can just run
this in literally like two clicks.
Here's the way that it works. Uh, sorry,
three clicks. So, you're going to make
sure that you run and you just install
it with this terminal command. As you
can see, once you've done that, you
download the model in your terminal,
which is lama time 5. And then from
there you can run alarm launch open core
and you'll actually run open directly
right for free. And that's literally how
you set up free. So let me show you how
this works directly. So if we open up a
new terminal here to install the new
version of of lama you just pop this
command. So you grab that go to your
terminal type that in as you can see
then you want to download the local
model run 3.5. Now at this point there's
multiple different models you can use.
Default one is 9b right? So this is
default one. So if you run this command,
it's going to set up and install the
default version of Quin 3.5, which is
9B. Now there are more lightweight
versions. You got 4B, 2B, 0.8B, etc. One
thing you have to note here is that when
you're running this, the more
lightweight the model, the less powerful
it is, which means that it's not going
to be as good at running tools, right?
So open a lot of cool tools externally.
You might be running it with multiple
different APIs, that sort of thing. The
bigger the model is, the more powerful
it is of running separate tools, which
means it's going to more autonomous
basically when you get it upwards. So
once you've run, which we did with the
terminal command a second ago. The
second step is to run lama quen 3.5,
right? So we just paste that into the
ter terminal like so,
right? And that will install quen 3.5
for you. If you ever want to close it
because it's automatically going to run
the model, then you can just click buy,
right? And then the final bit is that
you run alarm launch open core and then
you pick the model you want to use. Now
example we're using model 3.5. This is a
new version. And we just click that like
so. We proceed. Click yes. That'll
prepare the system for us. Set up the
gateway. You can see here it's beginning
to run the gateway with alarm 3.5 and
coin uh sorry with alarm and coin 3.5.
My says your AI is doing live. It's the
real me today. Actually, I don't know if
you know this, but we I mean, I go live
like every single day, sometimes
multiple times a day. So, you know, I
create a lot of human content. I also
have I don't know if you check this out,
but if you like human only content, we
actually have Julian Goldie podcast as
you can see right here. Um, we also have
this channel as well with human only
content. So, if you prefer like human
only stuff, you can check out those two
channels. So now you can see that it's
set up quen 3.5
um with
o lama and now you can see after we run
the command wake up it's a few minute
later it spawns. So now you can use open
for free with 3.5 which has came out the
benefits of that of course that it runs
locally it's free to set up you're not
going to have to pay APIs which is
pretty cool. So that's basically it for
setting up. Now why would you need this?
for, you know, it's free to run after
setup. Your data is on your machine. Um,
no usage limits. It works in plain
English and you can literally set up
free.
If you want to get all the video notes
on how to set this up, you know, a 30day
plan for mastering open with as well,
you can check out the video notes from
today. And the main thing to note here
is like, you know, some people say local
AI is slow or not powerful enough, but
coin 3.5 is right up there on the
benchmark tools, right? You can see the
benchmark right here. Um, in terms of
how Quen 3.59
versus other models, it's actually
outperforming for example like G5 Nano
in many cases outperforms 90 flash and
the old version of Quen 3 as well. So,
it's a really powerful model that you
can run locally and it works well with
open core as you've seen over here. So,
if you want to get a 30-day plan plus
100 prompts you can test out with open
core plus a sixh hour course on open
core and another three-hour course right
here. You can get this all inside the
arpeetum link as well as the description
or go to the profitboarding.com and we
have 2,500 members inside here which
online who can answer your questions,
help you, support you, etc. You can meet
more people in here. We have a daily
accountability group which means that
you can get help whenever you need it
and also this just helps you stay laser
focused. So what you can do each day is
post your goals and then this helps you
avoid shiny object syndrome, helps you
avoid overwhelm and you can stay laser
focused and accountable to what you want
to achieve today. Also, we have four
coaching course, you can jump on a live
video coaching call, share your screen,
ask questions, that sort of thing. You
can meet cool people in your local area.
And then inside the classroom here too,
you can get all of my best training. So,
if you want to go from beginner to
expert with AI automation and learn how
to build your first agent in under five
minutes, you can check out right here.
If you want to get my best playbooks on,
for example, how to automate avatar
videos, shorts, Instagram, newsletters,
Twitter, etc. all my playbooks and video
tutorials are inside this section. And
then additionally, you can see inside
the SP updates. This is where we add new
guides every single day. So, we have new
videos and guides. As you can see, I've
already added four new guides today. And
we look at all the latest stuff that
just came out. And then we're like,
right, what's the most useful stuff for
you right now? And that's how we decide
what content we're going to have inside
here. Additionally, if you want to get
more clients, you can jump the agency
course. If you want to watch back the
coaching course, you can do that here.
If you want to learn how to rank number
one with AICO, you can do that there.
And then also you can learn how to grow
a YouTube channel in just six weeks with
AI based on what's working for me inside
the AI profit boarding. So feel free to
get that link in the comments
description or go to the
arpufferboarding.com. And then also we
have over 133 pages of people just
winning and growing with this stuff,
right? So you know there's a lot of
people learning this stuff and I love
just seeing people getting results with
this. So, it's amazing to see how many
people sharing the wins and getting
awesome resources.
>> New OpenClaw update is insane. Today,
I'm going to show you the OpenClaw
update that just changed everything.
We're talking real time AI streaming.
Claude 4.6 thinking inside your
workflows, native Kubernetes, and a
plugin that literally sees your code
changes. This is not a drill. OpenClaw
just dropped 2026.3.1
and people said it was dead. They were
wrong. Stay with me because by the end
of this video, you're going to know
exactly how to use this update to build
faster, automate smarter, and run AI
workflows that actually work in
production. Now, let's get into it.
OpenClaw 2026.3.1
just dropped, and I want to break down
every single thing that changed and why
it matters to you. Let's start with the
big one. Open AAI websocket streaming is
now live inside Open Claw. What does
that mean in plain English? It means
your AI agents no longer wait for this
update. You'd send a request and you'd
sit there watching a loading spinner
like it's 2015. Now the response streams
in token by token in real time over a
persistent websocket connection. Hey, if
we haven't met already, I'm the digital
avatar of Julian Goldie, CEO of SEO
agency Goldie Agency. Whilst he's
helping clients get more leads and
customers, I'm here to help you get the
latest AI updates. Julian Goldie reads
every comment, so make sure you comment
below. This is a massive deal if you're
running any kind of customerf facing AI
tool. Think about a chatbot on your
site. Think about a live AI assistant.
Think about an automated content
pipeline that needs to move fast. With
websocket streaming, latency drops hard.
The experience goes from clunky to
clean. And here's something I want you
to think about. If you're building
anything for the AI profit boardroom
community, like an onboarding assistant,
a live Q&A bot, or an automated welcome
sequence, this kind of real-time
streaming makes the whole thing feel
alive. It doesn't feel like a robot
anymore. It feels instant. That's the
difference between a tool people use
once and a tool they come back to every
day. Now, here's where it gets really
interesting, and this is the one I'm
most excited about. Claude 46 adaptive
thinking is now baked into OpenClaw.
This is not just a new model. Adaptive
thinking means Claude can now decide on
the fly how much reasoning to apply to a
problem. Simple task, it moves fast,
complex task, it slows down, thinks
harder, goes deeper, it adapts. Now, if
you want to dive even deeper into AI
automation, I've got something special
for you. I run a community called the AI
Profit Boardroom, the best place to
scale your business, get more customers,
and save hundreds with AI automation.
Learn how to save time and automate your
business with AI tools like OpenClaw.
The link is in the comments and
description. This matters because before
you'd have to manually tune how much
compute you threw at a problem. Too
little and the output was garbage. Too
much and you were burning time and costs
on a simple task. Now, openclaw and
claude figure it out together. Let me
show you what this looks like in
practice for the AI profit boardroom.
You could run a prompt like this. You
could say, "Analyze this week's
community engagement data from the AI
profit boardroom. Identify which topics
got the most responses. Suggest three
new content ideas that would perform
well based on what's already working.
Then rank them by estimated impact.
Before adaptive thinking, a task like
that needed a lot of handholding. You'd
have to break it into steps, run
multiple prompts, stitch it together
yourself. Now, Claude 4.6 inside
OpenClaw handles the full chain. It
decides which parts need deep reasoning
and which parts are straightforward. You
get a better output faster with less
effort on your end. That's the power of
adaptive thinking. And that's why this
update matters. Now, I know what some of
you are thinking. This sounds great, but
what about running it at scale? What
about production? What about when things
break? Good news. That's exactly what
the next two updates address. Docker
support just got significantly better
and OpenClaw now has native Kubernetes
support. Let me explain why this is a
big deal. Even if you're not super
technical, Docker lets you package your
OpenClaw setup into a neat container
that runs the same way everywhere. Your
laptop, a cloud server, your team's
machine. No more it works on my machine.
No more broken environments. Docker was
already supported, but the new update
makes it cleaner, more stable, and way
easier to configure. Kubernetes takes
that further. Kubernetes is what big
companies use to manage hundreds or
thousands of containers at once. It
handles scaling. If traffic spikes, it
spins up more containers. If something
crashes, it restarts it automatically.
It's basically the infrastructure
backbone of every serious tech company
on the planet. Native Kubernetes support
in OpenClaw means you can now deploy
your AI automation workflows at real
enterprise scale. You're not just
building little scripts anymore. You're
building production grade systems for
anyone running a serious AI automation
business. This is the update that lets
you go from proof of concept to actual
product. And here's the open loop I want
you to see it with. We're going to talk
about a plug-in later in this video that
makes visual debugging of your workflows
genuinely insane. So stay with me. But
first, let's talk about the
communication updates because these are
getting slept on. Discord threads are
now properly supported. Telegram DM
topics work. Fish bugs have been fixed.
Why does this matter? Because if you're
running a community, a team, or a client
operation, your AI agents need to live
inside the platforms your people
actually use. Think about the AI profit
boardroom. It lives on school, but
communication happens on Discord.
Outreach happens on Telegram. And if
you're working with international
clients or enterprise teams, fue is huge
in Asia. With these fixes, you can now
build AI agents that sit inside your
Discord server and automatically respond
to threads. You can have bots that
handle Telegram DM topics for lead
follow-up. You can integrate Fichu into
your automation stack without things
randomly breaking. A practical example
for the AI profit boardroom. Imagine a
Discord bot that monitors the community
feed, detects when someone asks a
question that's already been answered in
the resource library and automatically
replies with the relevant link or
summary. That's a real thing you can
build now. That's hours of community
management automated away. Now, let's
talk about the plugin. I teased the
agentp powered visual diffs plugin. This
is genuinely new and I haven't seen
anything quite like it before in an open
source AI framework. Here's what it
does. When your AI agent makes a change
to code, a file, a document, whatever it
is, the visual diffs plugin shows you
exactly what changed in a clear visual
side by side view. And it's
agentpowered, meaning the agent itself
can review the diff, explain what it
did, and even suggest whether the change
looks right. So instead of digging
through raw text changes, trying to
figure out what your AI automation
actually did, you get a clean visual.
You see the before, you see the after,
the agent tells you why, here's how I'd
use this for the AI profit boardroom.
Let's say you're using an AI agent to
update your landing page copy. Every
week, the agent tests a new headline,
adjusts the value proposition, tweaks
the CTA. With the visual diffs plugin,
you can see every single change the
agent made. You can review it, approve
it, or roll it back in seconds. You're
not flying blind. You're in control with
full visibility. That's what makes this
plug-in so powerful. AI automation
without visibility is a black box. AI
automation with visual diffs is a tool
you can actually trust. And look, that
trust piece is everything. The reason
most businesses don't fully adopt AI
automation is because they don't know
what it's doing. They're scared it'll
break something. This plug-in removes
that fear. You see everything. Now, I
want to address the elephant in the room
because this needs to be said. There
were reports that OpenClaw was dead,
that the project was dying, that it was
going to get abandoned. They were wrong.
2026.3.1
is proof. This team is still shipping,
and not just patching bugs, they're
shipping real features, websocket
streaming, clawed 4.6 ICS, adaptive
thinking, native Kubernetes, an
agentpowered visual diffs plugin. This
is not a dying project. This is a
project that's leveling up. The lesson
here is don't believe the noise.
Evaluate the output. And the output from
OpenClaw right now is strong. Now, if
you want to dive even deeper into AI
automation, I've got something special
for you. I run a community called the AI
Profit Boardroom. The best place to
scale your business, get more customers,
and save hundreds with AI automation.
Learn how to save time and automate your
business with AI tools like OpenClaw.
And if you want the full process, SOPs,
and 100 plus AI use cases like this one,
join the AI success lab. You'll get all
the video notes from there, plus access
to our community of 45,000 members who
are crushing it with AI. The link is in
the comments and description. New
openclaw upgrades are insane. They just
dropped four updates in one week and
nobody is talking about it. This changes
everything about how AI agents work and
I'm going to break it all down for you
right now. So, Open Up and Claw just did
something crazy. They pushed four big
updates back to back to back to back in
like 5 days. And most people have no
idea. They're too busy arguing on
Twitter about which AI is best.
Meanwhile, OpenClaw is quietly turning
into something that could change the
whole game. And here's the thing, this
is not some tiny little bug fix. This is
not a new logo. This is a full rebuild
of how the whole system works under the
hood. We're talking real time streaming.
We're talking AI that thinks smarter.
We're talking security. So, tight is
like Fort Knox. And we're talking
enterprise level stuff that big
companies actually need. So, let me walk
you through all four of these updates
because if you use AI agents or you plan
to, you need to know this. Let's start
with the biggest one first. OpenClaw now
has websocket streaming for OpenAI. Now,
if you don't know what that means, let
me make it super simple. Before this
update, when you talk to an AI agent
through OpenClaw, it was like sending a
text and waiting for a reply. There was
a delay. It felt clunky. Now, with
websocket streaming, it's like a phone
call. The response comes in real time,
word by word, as the AI thinks it. No
more sitting there staring at a loading
screen. This is huge because it makes
the whole experience feel instant, like
you're actually having a conversation.
And for developers building apps, on top
of this, it opens up a whole new world
of interactive agent flows. But wait, it
gets better. They also added support for
Claude 4.6 adaptive thinking. Now, this
is wild. What this means is the AI can
now decide how hard to think based on
your question. If you ask something
simple, it gives you a quick answer. If
you ask something complex, it goes deep.
It adjusts in real time. It's like
having a brain that knows when to sprint
and when to take its time. Think about
that for a second. The AI is not just
answering you. It's thinking about how
to think about your answer. That's next
level. Now, here's where it gets really
interesting for anyone running a
business or building something serious.
OpenClaw now has native Docker and
Kubernetes support. And I know that
sounds techy, but here's what it means
in plain English. You can now deploy
OpenClaw in the same way that big
companies deploy their software. It
scales, it's stable, it's production
ready. This is openclaw saying we are
not a toy anymore. We are ready for real
workloads. And if you're running a team
or an agency, this matters because it
means you can trust this thing to handle
serious tasks without breaking. Hey, if
we haven't met already, I'm the digital
avatar of Julian Goldie, CEO of Goldie
Agency. Whilst he's helping clients get
more leads and customers, I'm here to
help you get the latest AI updates.
Julian Goldie reads every comment, so
make sure you comment below. Okay, so
let's keep going because there's more.
They added something called threadbound
agents. And this might be the most
important thing in the whole update. So,
let me explain it. Before, when you used
an AI agent in a chat thread, it was
kind of forgetful. It would lose
context. It didn't really know what
happened earlier. Now, with threadbound
agents, every single thread gets its own
dedicated AI brain. It remembers
everything. It stays in context. It's
like each conversation has its own
little world that the AI lives in. So
imagine you have a Discord server and
you have 10 different threads going.
Each one now has its own agent that
knows exactly what's going on in that
specific thread. No cross talk, no
confusion, just clean, smart, focused
AI. This is the kind of thing that turns
a cool tool into a real runtime. And if
you're building anything with AI agents,
this is the feature you've been waiting
for. Now let's talk about security
because OpenClaw went absolutely crazy
on this. Across these four updates, they
pushed over 40 security fixes. 40 in
less than a week. That tells you
something. They are serious about making
this thing bulletproof. They added
reaction authentication across all
channels. They hardened permissions.
They lock things down. And they added
something called external secrets
management. Now, this is a big deal. It
means you can store your API keys and
sensitive stuff separately from the
actual system. No more hard-coded keys
sitting in your code where someone could
find them. This is how real enterprise
software works. And now OpenClaw does
it, too. If you're someone who cares
about keeping your data safe, this
should make you very happy. Now, here's
where I want to pause for a second. If
you're watching this and thinking, "Wow,
I need to start using AI tools like
OpenClaw to actually grow my business,"
then you need to check out the AI profit
boardroom. It's the best place to learn
how to scale your business, get more
customers, and automate your workflows
with AI tools like OpenClaw. I'll drop
the link in the description and
comments. Go check it out. Okay, let's
keep rolling. They also added a visual
diffs plugin. And for my developer
friends out there, this one is for you.
So imagine you make changes to your
code. Normally you'd have to go through
the diff manually and figure out what
changed. Now the AI does it for you. It
shows you the changes visually and then
it explains what changed and why. It's
like having a senior developer looking
over your shoulder going, "Hey, here's
what's different and here's what it
means." For anyone doing code reviews or
working on pull requests, this is a
massive timesaver. They also upgraded
the codeex integration to websocket
first transport which means coding
responses come in real time too. No lag,
no waiting, just fast, smooth, instant
code help. Now let's talk about the
cross-platform improvements because
OpenClaw isn't just for one app. It
works across Discord, Slack, Telegram,
Fue, and even Android. And in these
updates, they fixed a bunch of stuff
across all of them. Discord threads work
properly now. Telegram topics are
stable. Slack thread sessions got fixed
so your conversations don't break
halfway through. The Android app got
smoother and they even restored
heartbeat DM delivery so you don't miss
private messages anymore. This matters
because if you're using OpenClaw across
multiple platforms, you need it to be
reliable everywhere, not just on one
app. And they clearly heard that
feedback because they fixed it all. Oh,
and here's a fun one. OpenClaw now
supports stop phrases in over 10
languages. So whether you speak English,
French, German, or whatever, you can
tell your AI agent to stop and it
actually listens. Sounds small, but it's
a huge deal for global teams. They also
added typing indicators that actually
work. So when the AI is thinking, you
can see it. No more wondering if the
thing crashed or if it's just taking its
time. Small thing, big difference in how
it feels to use. And for my Windows
people, they added PowerShell 7 support.
So you can run OpenClaw commands from
your terminal without any weird
workarounds. Now, let me put this all
together for you because I think the big
picture is what matters most here. Open
Claw is no longer just a cool AI tool.
It's becoming a full agent runtime.
Think about what they have built in just
one week. Realtime streaming, adaptive
AI thinking, threadbound agents with
persistent memory, enterprisegrade
security, secrets management, Docker and
Kubernetes deployment, a plug-in
ecosystem, CLI tools for routing agents,
crossplatform reliability. This is the
kind of stuff that separates a side
project from real infrastructure and I
think a lot of people are sleeping on
this. If you're building with AI agents
right now or if you plan to in the next
6 months, OpenC Claw should be on your
radar because they are moving fast and
the direction they're moving in is
exactly where the industry is going. Now
look, I'm not saying this is perfect. No
software is. But when you see a team
pushing 40 plus security fixes, four
major releases, and architecture level
changes in under a week, that tells you
something about how serious they are.
So, here's what I'd say. Go check out
the OpenClaw GitHub, read the release
notes, try the new features, and if
you're already using it, update right
now. Seriously, updating is self-care.
And if you want to learn how to automate
your business and stay ahead with AI
tools like OpenClaw, join the AI Profit
Boardroom. is the best community for
learning how to use AI to scale, get
more customers, and build systems that
actually work. Link is in the
description and comments. And if you
want the full process, SOPs, and over
100 AI use cases like this one, join the
AI success lab, links in the comments
and description. You'll get all the
video notes from there, plus access to
our community of 38,000 members who are
crushing it with AI. Julian Goldie reads
every single comment. So, drop a comment
below. Tell me what you think about
these OpenClaw updates. Are you using it
yet? What features are you most excited
about? I want to hear from you. I'll see
you in the next one. OpenClaw just
dropped a brand new free update and it
just got a whole lot smarter. They said
OpenClaw was done. They were wrong.
Version the 1st of March 2026 just
dropped. And this update changes
everything. Here's why you need to pay
attention. OpenClaw is a free AI
assistant that runs on your device, not
in the cloud, not owned by some
corporation. Plus, it talks to you
through WhatsApp, Telegram, Discord, or
Slack, wherever you already are. It
works 24/7, even whilst you're asleep.
And this new update just made it
dramatically more powerful. So, for
example, you can see that you now have
Open AI web socket stream. You have
Claude 4.6 adaptive thinking, better
Docker support as well, Discord threads,
all sorts of fixes, a bunch of agent
powered visual diffs plugin as well. Um,
you can actually see an example of what
this plug-in looks like. So, this is a
brand new plugin directly here, which is
pretty cool for AI agents. Plus, you got
fixes across Discord, Telegram, and
more. So, your messages actually get
through. And this isn't just a patch.
This is OpenClaw leveling up in a
massive way. And today, we're testing
all together live for the first time um
to see how it is, whether it's great or
bad. Let's get straight into it. So if
you want to set set up the update here,
we can just go to this section and we
can just click on update now. Now if you
don't see this, what you want to do for
new updates inside open core is make
sure inside your config file, go to all
settings, scroll down and then make sure
you have auto updates set up, right?
Auto updates. This enables this to
automatically give you the notifications
for new updates. Right? So if we click
on update now, that'll begin to update
directly here. And we can test this out
now. In the meantime, whilst that's
running in the background, it might take
about 5 minutes. What we can actually do
is we can check out the full change log
and the guide on exactly how it works,
right? So, you can see all the changes
that have happened to open core on the
first of March like so. So, these are
all the new changes that have come
inside. So, for example, your agent
thinking defaults which is set to
adaptive as a default thinking level for
anthropic, right? What that means is
like it changes the reasoning depending
on what's required, right? and it keeps
other reasoning levels at low unless
explicitly configured. Now, what does
that mean? It means basically I think
it's optimized to reduce the amount of
tokens it's using depending on the task
you give it. So, if you give it like a
lower skill task that doesn't require as
much um power, then it reduces the
thinking level. It's more adaptive in
the way that it works. Now, I'm coming
back to OpenClaw here. I want to share
my screen cuz it looks like it's just
gone offline. You can see it's got it's
got the config invalid um on the
terminal here. Let me share my full
screen. I'll show you exactly what I
mean. So, if we go to open floor here,
you can see it's disconnected
um from gateway and disconnected no
reason, right? So, just something to be
wary of there is like sometimes it does
just randomly break and you're like why
why did that happen? Recently, it's been
pretty good for fixing these sort of
changes, but right now we're going to
have to run the open claw doctor fix
command, right? Um as you can see right
here. So I'm just going to press control
command control and C inside the
terminal. Then we're going to run open
core doc fix. See if we can get this
working. Otherwise we might have to
reboot
and rerun the gateway. We'll see how
this works. See how it says uh health
offline and then disconnect it over
here. So let's refresh the page. And I
might set up a new terminal window in a
sec just to get this running again. But
I can see it running inside the terminal
there. This is really good for you to
see though it's late. Nobody else is
going to show you this on YouTube. I'm
just going to show you. If it breaks, it
breaks. If it doesn't, we're all good.
Biggy says, "What's the link to the
GitHub?" Do you mean for the update? If
if if it's the update, then you just go
to the GitHub for OpenClaw. As you can
see right here, and then you can check
out the releases section, and you'll see
the new updates for stuff like this.
This is totally totally um given up as
you can see. And then it has restarted
now. So, let's see if this is working
again. Nope. Let's try it again. Now, if
you get an issue like this, what we
could do is just go to
the onboarding to get it set up again
like this. So, run that again and then
it will just reboot as you can see. And
then if you go to this section, you can
see that we've now rebooted, right? So,
I'm just going to say okay, what version
are you using
of OpenClaw? So, you see how we fix that
basically by just copying and pasting
openclaw gateway port. Right? So, if you
get this problem and you get the same
problem as me,
um, and you can see it's updated, but if
you update and it stops working like it
did for me, then what you want to do is
just make sure that you
control and c inside terminal, stop it,
then run this command for the gateway.
It will just reboot and then it seems to
be good. So the I show you this stuff
all the time because sometimes it
breaks, sometimes it's good, sometimes
it's working perfectly. Um but it's
super weird as you can see here. It's
just like this happens all the time. I'm
used to it. That's why I can fix it so
quickly. So let's run through what the
other improvements are. Actually broken
it down inside this full guide. Now with
this new update, there's been over 80
changes added or fixed, right? With 76
contributors and 10 platforms updated as
well. So let's talk about the first one,
adaptive thinking, right? So the brain
is improved inside open core. So AI has
to decide how hard to think. Like if you
ask it what's 2 plus two, it's only
going to use like 5% brain power, right?
But if you ask it like plan my entire
business strategy, it might use 95%.
Before this update, OpenC would often
just use low brain power by default,
even for hard questions, right? which
would be like hiring Einstein to do your
grocery shopping and making him work at
like 10% effort. Now for Claude 4.6,
OpenClaw automatically uses adaptive
thinking. It reads the question, judges
the difficulty and applies the right
amount of effort automatically. No
setup, no configuration, just works. So
the other thing here as well is that
Android has improved, right? So, if
you're on an Android device, your AI can
now see your phone's cameras, list them,
and use them intelligently. It knows
which camera is front-facing, which one
is backfacing, and it can pick the right
one. It can also read, open, dismiss, or
even reply to your notifications
automatically. It can search your
contacts, your calendar. It also knows
if you're walking, running, or sitting
still, which is great for like, you
know, some interesting automations
around that. And then also, it can grab
your latest photos, right? useful for
stuff like, for example, send my team
the photo I just took. And finally,
there's voice on screen, so talk mode,
right? Your phone can now speak the AI's
replies out loud using 11 Labs voice
technology, which is streamed in real
time. So, when you mute the speaker or
interrupt, it stops cleanly. Um, yeah,
it's basically voice control inside
there as well. Inside Telegram and
Discord, there's a bunch of fixes like
you see for Slack and WhatsApp and Line
and everything else. And then the
automation upgrades. So, schedule tasks
have improved as well. just a a few
small changes like the schedule task
editor is now scrollable on small
screens. When you set the delivery to
none, it actually delivers to none. And
there's a new lightweight mode which
speeds up automated runs by skipping
unnecessary startup steps, right? Um,
and there's a bunch of updates like
that. So that's it. A few security stuff
as well as you can see new languages
added. So you got Chinese for Chron and
also German as well. So the entire web
interface is now available in German.
There's a bunch of under the hood fixes
right here. So, that's basically it for
the new free upgrade from Open Claw.
I've shown you how to use it. I've shown
you how to update. I've shown you how to
fix it when it breaks as well. And if
you want to get all access to all the
video notes from today, you can do that
inside the AR profit boardroom. As you
can see right here, we actually have a
full 6-hour course on how to use
OpenClaw. We have another 3-hour course
on it right here. Every day, we add new
updates on what's working, what's not,
and how to use it. So, yesterday, for
example, we set up OpenClaw with Nano
Banana. We showed how to make agent zero
10 times better in one click. I think we
also covered 34 use cases for open claw
and every single day based on what I
learned and what I see out there that's
actually useful. I show you exactly how
to do all this stuff and implement it
inside your open claw too. Like for
example the new mission control
dashboard. So that's all inside the AR
profit board link in the comments
description or go to the
arprofitboard.com
and you can get access to my automation
team has 2,500 members in there. That
means that there's always people online
you can connect with, you can meet, you
can ask questions, you can share your
wins with inside the community. We also
have a daily accountability group so
that you stay laser focused and this
just helps you achieve your goals and
avoid shiny object syndrome. If you're
wondering, okay, like is it um you know,
who's winning with this, who's getting
results with this, etc. You can see that
we have 132 pages of testimonials from
people winning with AI, as you can see
right here. So, lots of people getting
great results with AI automation, which
is awesome as well. And then also inside
the calendar here, you get four weekly
video coaching calls, which means you
can jump on a live Zoom call, ask
questions, get help, meet a cool bunch
of people inside the weekly coaching
calls. And then inside the classroom
here, you access to all my best
training. So, for example, if you want
to go from beginner to expert with AI
automation and learn how to build your
first AI agent in under five minutes,
you can do that there. If you want to
learn, for example, how to automate X
newsletter, shorts, Instagram, avatar
videos, all based on what's working for
me, you can do that inside this section.
If you want to, for example,
get daily updates based on the cool
newest stuff that I see. And I create
full guides and video tutorials so
neatly organized by date, as you can
see. Then you can do that inside this
section. And then also, if you want to
get more clients, you can check out the
agency course. If you want to watch back
the coaching calls, you can do that
here. If you want to learn how to rank
number one with AI SEO, you can learn
that. And then also we have a full
section on how to grow YouTube channel
with AI based on what's working for me.
So that's all inside the AI profitable
boarding. Appreciate you watching. I'll
see you on the next one. Cheers.
Bye-bye. Open claw. A new mission
control dashboard just dropped and it
completely changes how you use openclaw.
Right now if you're running openclaw,
you basically have no idea what your
agents are doing. Your agents are
working somewhere, doing something, and
you have no idea if they're on track,
stuck, or just spinning in circles. That
ends today. Mission control is a free
open-source dashboard that gives you a
live view of every single AI agent you
have running. Think of it like an air
traffic control, but instead of planes,
you're managing your own personal AI
workforce. every task, every agent,
every move, one screen. You'll see
exactly what your agents are working on
in real time. You can assign them new
work, approve their decisions before
they create anything, and watch live as
they move tasks from in progress to
done. This is the missing piece nobody's
talking about. Most people running AI
agents have chaos, multiple tools, no
visibility, no control. Mission control
turns that chaos into a clean, organized
operation, like a real business, not a
science experiment. And here's the part
that's going to blow your mind. You can
run multiple OpenClaw agents, like a
whole team of AI workers, and manage
them all from this one dashboard. They
even talk to each other, hand off tasks,
and wait for your approval before making
big decisions. This is what it looks
like to actually be in control of Open
Claw. We're going to test this together
live to see if it delivers on everything
it promises or falls flat. Let's find
out today. If you haven't seen this
already, basically we've got mission
control running right here on the
dashboard. And essentially what you can
do here is you can check out your recent
logs. You can check out your sessions.
You see which ones are connected over
here. You've got your system health. So
for example, the gateway, the DSC
uptime, um database size, any errors
that have happened, active sessions, how
many agents you got online, how many
tasks are running, how many errors in
the last 24 hours, and then you've also
got like backup pipelines as well. So
basically what this allows you to do is
get full visibility of your open claw
because a lot of people don't really
understand what's going on, how they're
using it, how it's working. Um, and if
you want to set this up, it literally it
was the easiest mission control
dashboard that I've set up so far. Bear
in mind, like I've tested building my
own, I've tested creating my own. I've
tested others on GitHub as well, which
and some of them are awesome, but the
best one that I've seen is is this one
by far. Now, you always want to check
this stuff before you start installing
it. So, you know, check all the files,
run them through Claude, run them in
isolation at first if you need to. You
can run them through Docker or whatever.
Um, or or just set them up on a siloed
VPS, for example, or fire malt worker is
another good option. But the main thing
to note here is that basically you can
set up this open- source dashboard for
free and orchestrate all of your agents
in one single mission control dashboard
like you can see. And literally, it was
so easy to set up. So, I'm going to show
you exactly how we did this. So
literally all we did right and it
literally was it was simple. It took
about five minutes to set up but it was
just a copy and paste job. So let me
find the command. Just scrolling through
the chat here
on open claw. If you want to see where
I'm looking here it is. So literally all
we did was we said like set this up
right pasted in the repository from
GitHub
which is right here. So it's this GitHub
mission control on GitHub by builders
labs. pasted the whole GitHub. So you
can just copy and paste this page like
so. Then you go back into open cloud
control. You just say set this up and
then within a few minutes we got the
login details. We got the API key. Um I
will uninstall this in a second. And uh
and that was basically it, right? And so
that's how simple it is to set up. It
was literally just like a oneclick uh
install. Now on the left hand side, it's
not just this dashboard. As beautiful as
this looks, that's just like one tiny
little piece of this. So let's see what
we've got inside the comments here. So
we got a few people from we got Leo from
Brazil. Good to see you here and uh
SMA from Pakistan. Welcome here sir.
Does this come with open claw
installation in build or it's a visual
layer on top of open claw? It's a visual
layer on top of open claw. Right. So
this is a dashboard to manage your
existing open claw. Many have said
claude is hype. Is it true? I would say
AI is only as good as a person using it.
Right. So if people struggle to get the
most out of the most powerful AI in the
world probably comes down to the person
using it not to the actual AI itself.
And then open claw is it hype? I mean
again it comes down to like what are you
doing with it right? So for me for
example like I'll give you an example
what what worked really well for us with
open claw. So um for example we actually
created an article via
uh something called
Yes. So we we created an article via
openclaw using WordPress. Gave it the
WordPress login details in the API
token. And then you can see here that
we're ranking number two inside Google
for that keyword. So it's like we we
literally didn't log into WordPress. I
just typed in my keyword which was best
SEO speakers 2026. And then we started
ranking and we're still ranking today,
right? This is the article that was
published directly from OpenCore. So
it's like is it hype or is it something
you can get a lot out of if you know how
to use it properly? And I would say it's
a powerful tool, but only if you you
give it to the right people, the people
who know what they're doing. So um test
it for yourself, see what you think or
just check out my videos and see whether
it's um up to your standards. I would
say that's that's the main thing that I
would look at. Damicious, good to see
see you here, sir. Nano claw. Zero claw.
Which one do you like? I think nano claw
was the one that I liked. I remember
zero claw was very lightweight, but it
was like super technical to set up if I
remember correctly. We got
someone here from South Korea. Welcome.
Cody says, "Can I have web app projects
open claw can be working on giving me
reports at end of each day?" Yeah,
absolutely. I mean, I'll give you an
example. So, if we take a look at the
profit boardroom website, this was fully
coded and deployed using open floor,
right? And it it was really easy to do
this. Like, we literally just said
redesigned the the website of the air
profit boardroom using my personal
netifi token to deploy it again to the
air profitboard.com and then boom,
shakalaka uh open or built something
that was nicer than the original, right?
And so you can do that with apps and
then you can get daily updates. You just
schedule the task in and just ask it.
It's pretty simple. I would like it also
to be managing my website blogs. Yeah, I
mean like I was showing before, we're
ranking on Google using openclaw content
and it's pretty simple and easy. If you
want like full tutorials on this stuff,
by the way, team, um, check out the
openclaw six-hour course we've got
inside the air profit boardroom and also
the new daily updates we add every
single day for open claw. So for
example, yesterday we actually added 34
use cases with a full step-by-step guide
on how to use this for open claw. We've
covered like perplexity computer. We've
covered pretty much every single
competitor like maxclaw, zero claw, null
claw, um pico claw, mimu bot, nanobot,
mistra, you know, every single
alternative to open claw we've covered
uh inside the air profit boarding as
well. Link in the comments description
or go to the airboarding.com if you want
to learn and and really master that
stuff. R says, have you heard about
skywork? It has an open claw. Give me
claw and search. I'm trouble I'm trouble
configuring skills. Yeah. So, we've
actually got a full tutorial on um
Skybot, which is what you're probably
looking at, right? So, that's Skyworks
answer to open core. Really powerful
tool. You can check out the video
tutorial and the step-by-step guide
inside the AR profit bottom as well. So,
we show you exactly how to set it up um
and how to configure it right here. It
actually worked very very cleanly and
simply for me. It it came straight out
of the box. It was good to go. So yeah,
you can check this all out inside our
community if you want to get full guides
and all this stuff. So let's come back
to mission control here. If we have a
look on the left hand side, we've got
like the agent squad, right? So you can
add agents over here and you can add
like an orchestrator, a developer. I
mean it's it's pretty insane what you
can do with this, right? Like like look
at this. You can add a little team of
agents like a content creator, a
researcher, you've got developers,
orchestrator, etc. Okay. Um and it shows
you which API is best for that. So like
for example, Haiku and then Sonnet and
then Opus for the orchestrator. It's
pretty awesome. Like you can imagine you
just have a full team of agents and you
can manage them like this. This is what
OpenCore needs really is like a really
nice UI that you can use to just improve
how you manage your stuff. But um
building an agent squad or an agent team
has like never been easier because you
can just take this stuff um and add
agents directly inside here as well. On
this section you've got a task board.
Now what this means is essentially you
can create new tasks inside openclaw and
then add them to the combat board right
so like you can add these tasks as you
can see right here right and then you
can assign them to open claw and open
claw open open claw can just go off and
and implement them so it's like having
trello but the difference is that you
can run it with AI agents like how cool
is that you got a nice little c I I do
all my to-do lists with a camb board now
it's even easier to manage this stuff
because I can have my AI agents
uh manage a to-do list for me as well.
Okay, if you go over here, we've got the
session management. So, you can see all
your sessions. You can see which models
you're using and how many tokens you use
as well. So, GPT 5.2 um all the sessions
that we use, session overviews, how many
sessions we got running, how many
active, how many idle, how many sub
agents we have spawned and then also how
many uh schedule tasks we have as well
with a model distribution. It goes deep.
This is one of the craziest dashboards
I've ever seen uh when it comes to
managing your open core agents. Do you
think open core is the best so far? I
do, but I haven't tried anything else.
Honestly, for me, like I'll be honest.
I'll be 100% honest with you. Um, what I
actually have got the smoothest
experience with out of everything that
I've tried um is is Manus. Manus and the
agent that you can control inside
Telegram. It was so easy to set up, runs
really well, super powerful agent. Um,
but I know that people don't want to get
the subscription with that and so I
understand. But yeah, I I would say and
also claw code like daytoday I'm not
really I don't use open claw as much as
I use claw claw I will use all day long.
It's just it's better for bigger tasks.
It's easier to manage everything. It's
easier to set up long-term automations.
And the the main thing here is like if
I'm running a business, right, I can't
be having open claw breaking on me every
single day, which you've probably seen
in many of my live streams. So for me,
like I I I love Open Claw. I love the
idea of it. I think it's a fantastic
project. I do think it's very buggy and
therefore you're going to get more
reliable, predictable results with
something like Claude instead,
especially Claw Code. Zambzy says, "I
built a hub." Yeah, I I tried building
mission control myself. Honestly, I
didn't like it as much as something like
this. It was so slow to create. It was
taking hours. It was like I just don't
want to do this, you know? And I
honestly think that I got better results
just by using something like this
instead. like this is straight out of
the box ready to go and and we're living
the dream here, you know, like it's just
way faster. You can also see like your
token usage here which is pretty cool as
well. So you can see how much um we we
spent in one week which is pretty crazy.
And then you got the distribution by
agent as well. One is it safe is open
core well I mean I would say like if you
want a good answer to that you want to
install something like molt worker right
molter is powered by cloudflare.
Cloudflare protects half the internet.
They've launched a safer version that's
siloed away and it's hosted in Docker as
well. So you want to set up Molt Worker
if you're worried about that stuff. You
can check out the tutorial on Malt
Worker here inside the air profit
boardroom. Got a full guide and video
tutorial on how to set up. The other
thing I would say here is like you don't
need to do anything that you're not
comfortable doing, right? Like if you
don't want to set up Open Claw and
you're like I don't know if it's the
right thing, don't do it. No need. just
watch my videos instead um and learn
from those and then you know when some
when chat GBT or Claude releases
something at the same level then you can
just go with that instead right thread
says what's this a new dashboard yeah so
it's a new mission control dashboard
that we're talking about today and we're
talking about like how it runs how it
works etc you've even got this memory
browser as well which is super
interesting so you can explore all the
of open claw's like knowledge files and
memory structure so you can see all the
files here and the the memory structure
which is pretty interesting even got
folders for example for the AR profit
board and landing page that we created
previously. We got a list of all the
skills and all the MD files as well. And
then you can actually create new files
if you want to add them inside here as
well. And then it actually tells you
like how many files are stored, how many
directories, what's the total size,
etc., which is pretty cool, too. Now, if
we keep scrolling through, we've got
like scheduled jobs. So, we can see the
scheduled jobs we've worked on, the job
details, etc. We can add new jobs. In
the right hand side, we've got agent
spawn control, so we can actually spawn
new sub agents manually. And then we can
choose which API we want to spawn it
with. So it could be haiku sonic, opus,
deepseeek, grock, gimme or miniax. And
then it's just there's just so much you
can do with this. Like you can play
around with this all day and have a
great time, right? So that's basically
how it works in terms of mission
control. And just to recap, what is
mission control? Mission control is a
free open source dashboard, right? So,
it's kind of like you it's it's like you
sit in mission control watching
everything, giving orders, um seeing
problems before they happen. And this
dashboard was built by a team called
Builder Labs. And it works alongside
Open Claw. So, together they let you do
something that was not possible uh 6
months ago without a serious software
team. You can now run multiple AI agents
all doing different tasks and watch them
from one screen in real time for free.
Pretty crazy. And you might be saying,
okay, like why is this different? Well,
agents can run automatically whilst you
focus on other things. You can see every
agent, every task, every token. You can
assign tasks on a Trello board.
Everything logs automatically. It runs
locally. And again, this is a free
dashboard to operate, right? And we
actually got a full stack framework
inside the ARM as you can see. And
basically the way that I would look at
it is like you want to set this up in
five different stages, right? So stage
number one, you install it. Takes like
one click. You just paste in the GitHub
link and you're good to go. Right. Then
you're going to connect to your AI agent
aka OpenC. From there, you're going to
build and create your first agent uh
fleet, which you can do inside the
dashboard. So, you can just go inside
the taskboard here if you want to manage
it or you can go to the agent squad
section here to add agents here, right?
There's two different ways you can
manage that. Then you're going to start
automating, right? So, you're going to
set up schedule tasks so agents can run
without you touching anything. And then
the final step is like scale. So, you
can add more agents, more pipelines, and
just build the system and let it
compound. And that's it. Now, I've
actually got a full 30-day plan for you
to map this out, to really master it, as
you can see, and it comes with like
step-by-step instructions to master
every stage of the process. But yeah,
that's basically it for mission control.
So, just to recap on everything that we
covered today, what is mission control?
It's an open source AI agent dashboard
that lets you run Open Claw. What is
Open Claw? OpenClaw is the agent that
works alongside Mission Control. That's
basically it. So, if you want a 30-day
plan plus 100 prompts on how to set this
up, plus the links and everything else,
it's all inside the video notes from
today inside the AI profit boardroom
link in the comments description or just
go to the aiprofitboardroom.com.
If you want to join here, this is my AI
automation community that's focused on
helping you save time, scale, and grow
with AI. Now, inside the community, we
have 2,500 members. And what that means
is like you can get help, you can get
support, you can meet with some of the
coolest people in the AI industry
directly inside here. You can also get
our daily accountability group. So if
you struggle with information overload
or shiny object syndrome, you can post
your goals to say laser focused um and
be held accountable to achieving them.
Inside the calendar, you get four weekly
coaching calls. You can jump on coaching
calls whenever you want um and basically
get help and support in real time. We
have over
132 pages of testimonials from people
winning with this stuff. So you can see
some of the examples right here. is
pretty much an infinite scroll at this
point of people just getting awesome
results with open claw and with the AI
automations and the training inside
school, right? And then you can also
connect with people in your local area
via the map. And then finally, inside
the classroom here, you get access to
all of my best training. So if you want
to go from beginner to expert with AI
automation, plus learn how to build your
first AI agent in under five minutes,
you can check that out here. If you want
to learn, for example, how to uh
automate X and newsletters and shorts
and everything else, you can learn that
inside this section, including how we
automate AI avatar videos. If you want
to learn how to set up mission control,
our 30-day road map for really mastering
it, and also 100 prompts on how to get
the most out of it, you can check that
out here. And we actually have like a
full six-hour course on Open Claw and
how to use it, all the best use cases,
how to set up, etc. We also add new
updates daily inside here on all the
loose new newest updates, right? So for
example, null claw that came out
recently. We set up a full guide and
tutorial on it. Yesterday we covered 34
insane use cases for openclaw plus a
full step by step on how to set up and
everything else. We talked about how to
make agent zero 10 times better in one
click. Like every single day I look at
all the automations in the industry and
I'm like these are the most important
and useful ones for people who watch
this channel. So, you can check that all
out there. If you want to get more
agency clients, you can check that out.
If you want to get uh if you want to
watch about the coaching course, you can
do that here. If you want to learn how
we rank number one with AICO, like I've
shown you, you can check this bit out.
And also, if you want to learn how we
grow a YouTube channel with AI, you can
check that out inside the training as
well. Let's see what we got inside the
questions here. Aaron says, "Can't wait
to get off work to update mine and check
it out." That's the spirit. We like
that. I'm not sure about the question
you got there, but basically, you can
set up this dashboard. It's it's a free
one to set up. And yeah, the mission
control dashboard is is pretty cool.
Like you can see right here. Uh when it
comes to installing skills and stuff
like that, do be careful when you're
setting this up. Check the files. If you
need to rewrite it yourself, you can run
it through Claude. Check the skill MD
files. Make sure you're happy with
anything. If you're not sure, don't use
it. But the main thing here is like just
just be careful when you're setting up
skills externally. That would be my
advice if you're asking about that
inside the comments. I was trying to
figure out the question there. So,
OpenClaw just dropped a massive update,
and if you don't install it right now,
your AI agent might literally delete
your emails. I'm not even joking. This
new OpenClaw update has over 30 security
fixes, a brand new safety feature that
works in 10 plus languages, and a bunch
of stuff that makes your automations way
more stable. Let me break it all down
for you. So, OpenClaw, if you haven't
heard of it, is one of the most powerful
open-source AI assistants out there
right now. And I don't mean a chatbot.
I'm not talking about something you ask
questions to and it gives you answers.
No, this thing actually does stuff. It
runs commands on your computer. It
manages your emails. It connects to
WhatsApp, Telegram, Discord, Slack. It
handles scheduled tasks. It automates
real work for you. And the best part is
you run it yourself on your own machine
on your own server. You pick the AI
model you want to use, GPT, Claude,
whatever you like. It's completely open-
source, MIT licensed, free to use. Now,
here's the thing. When you have an AI
agent that can actually touch your
files, read your emails, run scripts,
and talk to your apps, you need it to be
safe. You need it to be locked down. And
that's exactly what this update is
about. Let me walk you through the four
big things in this update. Number one,
multilingual stop phrases. This is huge.
So, before this update, if you told your
openclaw agent to stop, it would
understand that in English. Cool. But
what if you speak French? What if you
speak Spanish or German or Arabic? Your
agent just kept going. It didn't
understand you. Now with this update,
your agent understands stop commands in
over 10 languages. So if you say arate
in French, it stops. If you say parro in
Spanish, it stops. This matters because
openclaw users are all over the world.
And when your AI agent is doing real
tasks, real automations, you need to be
able to hit the brakes in your own
language. Simple as that. And let me
tell you why this is so important there.
There was a real story where an OpenClaw
agent went rogue on a Meta executive and
started deleting emails without
permission. No joke, that actually
happened. So imagine that happening to
you and you're yelling stop in your
language and the agent just keeps going.
That's terrifying. This update fixes
that. Number two, better typing
indicators. Now, this one sounds small,
but it's actually really annoying when
it doesn't work. Before this update, the
typing indicators in OpenClaw would just
disappear randomly.
You'd be in a conversation with your
agent and it would look like it stopped
responding, but it didn't. It was still
working. The indicator just ghosted you.
Now they fixed that. The typing
indicators actually work properly across
all your channels, so you always know
when your agent is thinking and when
it's done. Number three, PowerShell 7
support. If you're on Windows, this
one's for you. Open Claw now fully
supports PowerShell 7. Before this, you
were stuck with older tooling that had
bugs and weird issues on newer versions
of Windows. Now it's smooth. It's
modern. It just works. If you're running
automations on a Windows machine, this
is a big quality of life upgrade. Number
four, and this is the big one, over 30
security fixes. 30. That's not a small
patch. That's a massive overhaul of the
security layer. And this matters more
than you think because remember, Open
Claw can access your files. It can read
your emails. It can run scripts on your
machine. If there's a security hole,
someone could exploit that. And it's not
just theoretical. Security researchers
found malicious skills trying to steal
credentials. Microsoft actually came out
and warned people that OpenClaw
shouldn't be running unsandboxed on
regular personal or work computers.
There were even supply chain attacks
where npm packages were pulling OpenClaw
in without people knowing. So yeah, 30
plus security fixes is a really big
deal. Hey, if we haven't met already,
I'm the digital avatar of Julian Goldie,
CEO of Goldie Agency. Whilst he's
helping clients get more leads and
customers, I'm here to help you get the
latest AI updates. Julian Goldie reads
every comment, so make sure you comment
below. Now, let me keep going because
there's more you need to know. So, now
you understand what's in the update, but
let me tell you how to actually think
about this. Open Claw is not a toy. It's
a real tool that real businesses and
real people use to automate their
workflows. And when a tool like this
gets safer, gets more stable, and gets
more secure, that changes the game.
Because the number one thing holding
people back from using AI agents is
trust. Can I trust this thing to not
mess up my stuff? Can I trust it to stop
when I tell it to stop? Can I trust it
to not leak my data? This update answers
all three of those questions. And look,
I've been in the AI space for a while
now. I've seen tools come and go, but
OpenClaw keeps getting better. The
community behind it is massive. The
development speed is insane. And updates
like this one show that they actually
care about making it safe for everyday
use. Now, here's what I want you to do.
If you're already using OpenClaw update
right now, don't wait. You can run
OpenClaw update run in your terminal. If
you're using the CLI, if you're using
Docker, just pull the latest image. If
you're on the installer, go to OpenClaw
or AI and grab the newest version. It
takes like 2 minutes. Just do it. If
you're not using OpenClaw yet and you're
curious about AI automation, this is
actually a great time to start because
with these safety and security
improvements, it's never been more
stable. Go to the GitHub repo, check out
the docs, and try it out. I'll put all
the links in the description. Now, let
me give you some best practices real
quick because even with this update, you
still want to be smart about how you run
AI agents. First, run OpenClaw in a
container or a virtual machine. Don't
just let it loose on your main computer.
Keep it sandboxed. This is what
Microsoft recommends and it's just
common sense. Second, restrict what your
agent can access. Don't give it the keys
to everything. Use allow lists. Only let
it touch the files and apps it actually
needs for the task you're giving it.
Third, only use verified skills. There
are community skills out there, and some
of them are amazing, but some of them
are sketchy. Stick with verified ones.
Check the reviews. Check the source code
if you can. Fourth, keep it updated. I
know that sounds obvious, but so many
people install something and then never
update it. These security fixes only
protect you if you actually install
them. So, turn on auto updates or just
make it a habit to check for new
versions. Now, if you're loving this
kind of content and you want to go
deeper into AI automation for your
business, check out the AI Profit
Boardroom. It's the best place to learn
how to use AI tools like OpenClaw to
automate your workflows, get more
customers, and scale your business. If
you want to learn exactly how to set up
AI automations like this step by step
with a community of people doing the
same thing, the link is in the
description and the comments, go check
it out. All right, let me give you a few
more things before we wrap up. One thing
I want you to think about is where this
is all going. Open Claw is open source.
That means anyone can build on top of
it. Anyone can create skills. Anyone can
customize it. And as the AI models get
smarter, OpenClaw gets smarter, too,
because you can swap in any model you
want. So when the next big model drops,
you just plug it in and your whole
automation setup levels up. The
multilingual stop phrases thing is also
a sign of where AI agents are heading.
They're becoming global tools, not just
English tools. And the teams building
these tools are starting to think about
safety first instead of features first.
That's a good thing. That's a really
good thing. And the security side of
things is only going to get more
important. As AI agents do more and more
real tasks, the attack surface gets
bigger. So, every update that patches
vulnerabilities is one you should take
seriously. Let me also say this. If
you're building a business and you're
not looking at AI agents yet, you're
behind. I'm not saying that to scare
you. I'm saying it because the people
who figure out how to use tools like
OpenClaw to automate the boring,
repetitive stuff in their business are
going to have a massive advantage.
They're going to move faster. They're
going to be more efficient. And they're
going to spend their time on the stuff
that actually matters. Now, if you want
the full process, SOPs, and over a 100
AI use cases like this one, join the AI
profit boardroom. You'll get
step-by-step guidance on using tools
like OpenClaw to automate your business,
plus access to a community of people who
are crushing it with AI. Link is in the
description and comments. And if you
want even more free AI content, join the
AI success lab. It's our free AI
community. You'll get all the video
notes from there, plus access to our
community of 38,000 members who are
crushing it with AI. Link is also in the
description and comments. Make sure you
like this video, subscribe if you
haven't, and drop a comment below
telling me if you're using OpenClaw or
if this is the first time you've heard
about it. Julian reads every single
comment. I'll see you in the next one.
These OpenClaw use cases are insane. So,
there is this free AI tool called
OpenClaw, and it is completely insane. I
am talking about an AI agent that runs
your entire workflow while you're not
even at your desk. It fixes your code.
It monitors your apps. It writes your
emails. And today I am going to show you
exactly how it works. This is so easy to
set up it is almost unfair and honestly
what it can do is a little terrifying.
So here is the deal. A team took Open
Claw, installed it on a Mac Mini, built
a bunch of different workflows around it
and just let it run for weeks. No
supervision, no handholding. And what
came out of that experiment is going to
change how you think about automation
forever. But stick around because the
last use case is the one that turns this
thing into a full-blown personal
assistant. You are not ready for that
one. Okay, so the first use case,
automated dependency management. Now, if
you build apps, especially React apps,
you know this headache. Your libraries
get outdated. Security vulnerabilities
show up and if you do not patch them
fast, your entire application is at
risk. Remember that React server
vulnerability from a few months ago?
Exactly. So what they did is they set up
a Chrome job inside OpenClaw that checks
the entire codebase every 12 hours. It
scans all the dependencies. It follows
whatever guidelines you give it and then
it just handles it. It refreshed the
lock file. It updated everything to the
latest stable versions without any
breaking changes. Then it posted an
update on Discord saying here is what I
fixed and here is what still needs a
human to look at. things like linting
errors and test failures. Once they
approved it, OpenClaw pushed the patch
straight to GitHub and updated the live
version twice a day. No manual work, no
missed vulnerabilities. It just runs.
Now, the second use case is where things
start getting really interesting.
Automated research. This team runs a
YouTube channel, so they need to be on
top of every single tech release, a new
AI tool every day. So, they built a
crone job that scrapes all their trusted
sources every morning. It pulls the
latest releases. It organizes everything
by category. It suggests different
content angles. It explains how each new
tool works. And every morning when the
team wakes up, there is a detailed
research report sitting in their Discord
channel complete with source links so
they can dig deeper on anything. Imagine
starting your day and your AI already
did 2 hours of research for you. That is
the power of this setup. And this same
idea works for researching competitors
or new tools in any industry. But hold
on, it gets way better. Hey, if we have
not met already, I am the digital avatar
of Julian Goldie, CEO of Goldie Agency.
While he is out helping clients get more
leads and customers, I am here to give
you the latest AI updates. Julian reads
every single comment, so make sure you
drop one below. Now, let me keep going
because this next use case is a total
gamecher. Cloud resource monitoring. So,
if you use AWS or Google Cloud or any
cloud provider, you know the pain. You
configure something wrong. you forget
about it and then your resource usage
goes through the roof because a VM was
misconfigured or a service had a burst
of retries. So they built a custom skill
inside openclaw that works like a
watchdog. It checks your resource usage
through the CLI tools of your cloud
provider. They set it as a chron job and
told it to flag anything unusual and
when something spiked, OpenClaw sent an
alert on both Discord and WhatsApp
saying your usage just doubled in the
last 60 minutes. Here is why and here is
exactly what you should do right now to
stop it from getting worse. That is not
just a monitor. That is a monitor with a
brain that gives you a fix before things
spiral out of control. Now the next one
is app monitoring. They had an
application hosted on Versal and they
needed to make sure it stayed secure and
healthy at all times. So they set up a
heartbeat system inside OpenClaw that
runs frequent health checks. It
monitored the uptime. It scanned server
logs using the credentials they
configured. It checked for cross-sight
scripting and SQL injection attacks. And
then it sent a full health report on
Discord with the security status,
uptime, and average response time. It
even recommended specific fixes like
adding security headers to harden the
app. All automatic, all running in the
background without anyone doing a thing.
Now, if you are watching this and
thinking, okay, this is incredible, but
how do I actually set up automations
like this for my own workflow? I want to
tell you about the AI profit boardroom
is the best place to scale your
business, get more customers, and save
hundreds of hours using AI automation
tools like OpenClaw. If you want
step-by-step help setting up these kinds
of workflows and stop doing repetitive
tasks manually, that is exactly what we
cover inside. Link is in the
description. Go check it out. Okay, let
me keep going because we're not even
close to done. SEO monitoring, same app,
same setup. They created another
heartbeat check inside OpenClaw that
periodically scanned the hosted
application for SEO issues. It checked
if the site was properly indexable. It
made sure robots.txt and the sitemap
were reachable. It looked for missing
meta descriptions and improper tags. And
then it sent a full SEO report with
every fix they needed to rank higher in
search results. Things like fixing the
route to the site map, adding meta
descriptions, adding the right tags. So
now one tool is monitoring both your
security and your SEO at the same time
running on its own 24/7. Now here is
where openclaw really flexes building
entire applications from scratch. They
gave openclaw a product requirements
document just a written description of
what the app should be and OpenClaw took
it from there. It broke the task down.
It built the app. It pushed the code to
GitHub. It deployed it on Versel and it
sent back the live links. The entire
thing was built using a combination of
clawed code and Gemini, choosing the
best model for each part of the job.
After the initial approval, no human
input was needed at all. And they pushed
it even further. They combined clawed
code with AI image generation. OpenClaw
used Claude code to build the website
and then used a built-in skill called
Nano Banana Pro to generate images that
match the design. It placed the images
in the right folders so Claude could
pull them onto the landing page. The
whole site was designed and built by two
AI tools working together through
OpenClaw. One important tip here. When
you run clawed code through OpenClaw,
you need to either preset your
permissions in the settings file or use
the dangerously skip permissions flag.
If you do not do this, OpenClaw gets
stuck waiting for Claude to approve
permissions and the whole session times
out. Now, this next use case is perfect
if you ever need to reach out to people.
Cold email automation. They set up a
Chrome job inside OpenClaw to scrape the
GitHub trending page every morning at
9:00 am. It found top developers working
in their niche who had public contact
info. It saved all those leads to a
folder and then it drafted personalized
emails directly in their Gmail. Not sent
though, just drafts so they could review
everything before anything went out. The
emails matched the exact tone they
wanted. Casual, conversational, soft
call to action. They connected it to
Google Workspace using the Google CLI
that comes bundled with OpenClaw. They
just had to enable the right APIs and
add the credentials. That was it. And
now for the one I told you about at the
beginning, the personal assistant setup.
This is where everything comes together.
They connected Open Claw to their entire
Google workspace, Gmail, Calendar,
everything. Then they set up a heartbeat
that scans incoming emails on every
cycle. It ignores newsletters and
promotional stuff. It scores each email
based on criteria you define. It pulls
out the actionable items and it sends
updates to WhatsApp or Discord with only
the things that actually need your
attention. No noise, no clutter, just
the important stuff. You can even
message OpenClaw from your phone and ask
it to check your calendar or schedule a
task. And because it runs on a Mac Mini
all the time, you can access Claude code
remotely, too. You tell OpenClaw to go
to a specific directory, run clawed
code, push changes, review pull
requests, or fix production errors, all
from your chat app, even when you are
nowhere near your computer. The thing
that makes OpenClaw different from other
tools is that it runs independently for
long-term tasks. You set it up once and
it just keeps going. It handles testing,
it handles bug fixing, it coordinates
multiple AI models, and it does all of
this without needing you to babysit it.
Now, if you want the full process to the
SOPs and over a 100 AI use cases just
like this one, join the AI success lab.
Link is in the comments and the
description. You will get all the video
notes from there, plus access to our
community of 38,000 members who are
crushing it with AI. And if you are
serious about scaling your business and
using AI tools like OpenClaw to automate
your entire workflow, the AI profit
boardroom is where you need to be. That
is where we go deep on automation
strategies that actually work. link in
the description. I will see you in the
next one. Open just got a massive
upgrade and Google's brand new Nano
Banana 2 is the reason why. So, Google
literally just dropped this a couple of
days ago. Nano Banana 2 is Google's
fastest, most powerful image generator
ever built. Now, you can actually add
this directly inside OpenClaw to make it
powerful so that you can generate images
directly using the new API which is
Gemini 3.1 Flash image preview. So,
we're going to be testing out today. Um,
and here's the part that nobody's
talking about. So you can now plug Nano
Banana 2 directly into OpenClaw and
completely automate your image
generation. Now think about that for a
second. You describe what you want. Open
Claw takes over. Nano Banana 2 generates
the image. Boom. Shaka laka. You are
done. No clicking around, no switching
apps, no waiting. Just you telling your
AI what you need and watching it get
made in front of your eyes. Now, this is
brand new and most people have no idea
this is possible yet. Then in this
video, we're going to test it together
right now live to see if it actually
works as good as it sounds because Nano
Banana 2 just became Google's default
image tool. That means it's faster,
smarter, and more detailed than anything
we've ever released before. And when you
combine that with Open Claws automation
power, you're not just generating images
anymore. You're running a fully
automated visual content machine that
could, for example, generate ads or
thumbnails. So that sort of thing. So
let's find out how this actually works.
So the way that we're going to do this
is we are going to take the
documentation on Gemini/image
3.1 preview as you can see right and
then we're going to go into open call
here. We'll paste that in and then we're
going to take a API key from a
studio.google.com
to start using the API key for
generating images. So I'm just going to
grab a new one over here. I will delete
it after the live stream. So if we click
on create key, we've created the key.
Then we click on this. We copy the key.
We go back to open clause. You can see
we're going to paste in the API key here
for AI Studio to use Nano Banana 2
aka
Gemini Flash 3.1 image. Right. And then
what I'm also going to do is just go
over to Claude and just make sure that
we've got all the documentation we need
to really install this. So is we'll say
is this enough to get N 2
skill image installed? Let's start using
it. Anything else we need
to help with setting up a skill for
this? All right. Mavicious says,
"Awesome. Your opinion is paramount."
Thank you very much, sir. Do you watch
other YouTubers who talk about Open
Claw? Yeah, I mean like for me, I always
want to learn. You know, there's a lot
of cool people doing awesome stuff about
OpenClaw as well. So, I'm always
interested to see what people are doing,
what people are generating, etc. Um, how
it works, etc. Yeah, it's it's pretty
amazing. So, I'm also going to take this
documentation, as you can see. So, we'll
put that inside the prompt, too. What we
got here? Ever since I've been in this
open claw rabbit hole, my feeds are
constantly giving me new ideas. Got like
six projects running. It's amazing. Love
it. Yeah, it is a fantastic tool. Um,
just to experiment with and test out and
that sort of thing. Just going to run
Claude as well. Claw code to help me get
this set up. See what else we got here.
Inspired Michelle. There's so I believe
yesterday you gave a system to make you
a landing page and then it gave you the
page. What was that? Yeah, see you can
do that with anti-gravity also with
perplexity computer. So I did it with
both. Yeah. So there's two different
ways. We have the full tutorials inside
here. So for example, if you want to
check out the
perplexity method, check that out right
here in terms of how to build the
landing pages and stuff. And then also
anti-gravity nano banana can help you do
that as well. Right. So there were two
different options right there. So it was
uh we did the same we did it with
perplexity and with anti-gravity. So
there were two different options for
doing that. Whatever method you prefer,
we've got inside the aircraft for
boarding. All right, so let's check this
out. It says yes, working blah blah
blah. Okay, let's see if it can generate
images banana 2. And then Michelle says,
thanks Julian. And then what do you host
your websites with? Can you bring them
something like high level? Yeah, you
can. Yeah. So the way that you do it
inside high level is you just create a
HTML code block and then grab the HTML
from whatever tool you generated the
page with. If you want to host them on
somewhere else, then just use Netlefi
MCP add your personal token into
anti-gravity or plexi computer and from
there it can actually host the subdomain
as well. We have used in the past um
openclaw as well. So for example, this
page was built and deployed with
openclaw to the aprofit boardroom.com
and the way that we did that is just
giving the personal access token to
openclaw and then it can generate and
host the pages like that. Boom. We have
Nano Banana working with Open Claw. Now
you can see it's generated with Nano
Banana 2 Gemini 3.1 flash image preview.
Save the file right there. We can open
up the file locally as you can see. And
that was pretty simple and easy. We can
even tell it where we want it delivered.
So for example, you could deliver that
on Telegram or Discord as we've got it
chat um set up. Bear in mind like I
don't think inside the web UI you can
actually inside the gateway as you can
see inside openclaw that you can
actually uh publish image directly
inside the chat. So instead what you
want to do is
get the local file host like you can see
and then it's right there right now
for setting this up it was pretty
simple. So I'm going to give you the
prompt that I used for generating this.
And I'll also create a skill MD file uh
that you can use as well to install Nano
Banana 2 inside openclaw.
So let me grab that for you. We'll put
this inside the video notes from today.
All right. So if you want like the copy
and pasteable prompt, it's right there
as you can see. Now what I also do is
get a skill MD file that you can take
from me. So if I just say, okay, give me
a skill empty file,
I can share with people
for linking openclaw
to Nana Banana 2. Michelle says,
"They're amazing. Thanks for what you
do. Happy to help." Michelle says, "What
is GitHub for?" Yeah, so GitHub is just
for sharing open source stuff. So like
when people, for example, created
OpenClaw, when Peter Steinberger created
OpenClaw, he wanted to share with the
world, right? And so like what people do
is they share stuff on GitHub and then
you can get those files and use them
yourself, right? So it's just a way of
sharing files um as a developer. Now if
you want to get the skillmd file for
nana banana as you can see we can grab
that right here
and we'll put it in the video notes from
today. There you go. Right. So you got
the name of the API, the description,
right? This is using Gemini 3.1 flash
image preview and you just give this
skill
directly. Now what we also need is
we we can create a um a skills folder as
well but you can literally just copy and
paste this information here. It's got
all the notes on how to set it up and
then it tells you how to set this up as
So, you get an API key from AI Studio.
Um, and then you put your API key inside
here. So, that's basically how to use
Nana Banana inside Open Claw. That was
easier than I thought. I thought it was
actually going to break in a second or
two, but it seemed to work pretty well.
Giorgio says, "When using claw code in
the terminal, is it better than desktop
app?" I personally prefer it. I just
feel like it's a lot more autonomous
than using something like for example
than using Claude Co-work. I feel like
claude co-work inside the app is just a
bit more
it's designed for beginners if that
makes sense. you know, when you use
stuff like open claw, when you use
clawed code, they just feel more
autonomous. You can see in the way that
they operate and the way that they
generate stuff. So, that's basically it.
Now, inside the video notes as well,
we've got a 30-day road map for really
mastering OpenClaw in uh sorry, Nana
Banana and OpenClaw inside your
business. So, for example, if you want
to learn how to build like a thumbnail
generator or for example like visual
content or social media content, etc.
Now that you've got this connected
directly to Nana Banana 2 inside open
core, you can really do whatever you
want, right? And it's super powerful.
So, we've also got 100 prompts that you
can test too with this. So, let's try an
example here. If we say YouTube
thumbnail, uh, futuristic hat robot hand
pointing at viewer, bright green, and
black. Let's let's try this one. All
right, we're going to say that we'll
plug it in here and we'll say text
equals clawed code is insane. All right.
So, that's running now. Now, what we can
also do is we can go over to Discord
and we've got this channel for uh open
claw as you can see. Right now, what I
can actually do is create a channel
purely for uh thumbnails. Right? So, if
I click on duplicate channel, we're
going to type in thumbnails here. Right?
And then we can tag in open claw. And we
can say generate a YouTube thumbnail
for my video about. We'll grab a
thumbnail from my channel that we want
to sort of edit
like this. Copy that image.
Go back to Discord here. Say generate a
YouTube thumbnail with Nano Banana 2.
like the attached
but
change the text to
nano banana 2 instead of
this is going to be shocking. All right.
So now it's looking at it and open claw
will begin to generate the thumbnail
based on that image. So now we can
quickly generate thumbnails inside
discord or whatever channel we want. We
can have a separate channel just for
this task and then open claw has context
on how we like the thumbnails to be
generated. So every time I need a new
image it's like okay boom here you go
right we can quickly generate that. Now
if we go back to openclaw chat here
we've got the new thumbnail from
nanobanana 2 and we've just generated
that using openclaw as well. Right. So
just to recap here we have linked
nanobanana to the latest new fastest API
for generating images to open core. We
can generate images whenever we want. We
can generate thumbnails. We can do this
locally. We can do this on Telegram or
Discord. We have a separate channel for
generating this as you can see.
And then also we can generate ads. So we
can generate content or social media
content whenever we want, right? Using
this image generator. So it's pretty
amazing, pretty insane what you can do
with this. And there's a lot to be
played with here. Now, if you want all
the video notes from today, including
the 100 prompts you can test, as you can
see, and also a 30-day road map for
implementing this with dayby-day prompts
and a bunch of use cases, you can get
that inside the AI profit boardroom.
We've also got the prompt for setting
this up and the skill as well, right?
So, if you actually want the skill for
setting this up, you've got it right
there. And then also, if you've got the
prompt example, you can run it right
here. But basically, you've got
everything you need to to win with this
stuff. This is inside my AI automation
community that also comes with daily
updates on OpenClaw um and all the other
latest AI updates in the world. You can
see that we've got a 6-hour course on
how to use OpenClaw. We have a full
course on how to use OpenClaw as well
here too. And we've also got a bunch of
like use cases um tips on how to use
Nana Banana inside OpenClaw. Everything
you need to win with this. This is my AI
automation community, the AI profitable
boardroom that shows you how to save
time, scale, and grow your business with
AI automation. We have a community of
2,500 people, which means that you can
post inside the community, get help, get
support whenever you want. And if you're
wondering, okay, are people getting
results with this stuff? So, you can
see, for example, we actually got over
130 pages of people winning with this,
right? So, you can see all the amazing
testimonials from people who are getting
help with AI automation and learning how
to use it inside their business. And
also, you get four weekly coaching
calls. So, you can jump on four weekly
video coaching calls. Um, get help, get
support, ask questions, etc. inside the
airoffer boardroom. And then inside the
classroom here, you can get all my best
training. So you can go from beginner to
expert with AI automation and learn how
to build your first AI agent in under
five minutes. You can also, for example,
get my best playbooks on how to automate
avatar videos, Instagram shorts, X, and
even how to rank number one inside
Google and other AI search engines using
the AI SEO section. If you want to learn
how to grow a YouTube channel based on
what's working for me with AI, you can
check out the road map here. And then
additionally, if you want to, for
example, get my latest updates, you can
get that inside this section here. So,
thanks very much for watching. The link
is inside the comments in description to
this or just go to the
aprofitboarding.com. OpenClaw just
became the most powerful AI agent on the
planet and someone on the internet just
did something insane. They found the 34
best ways to use it and put them all in
one place, as you can see, for free.
We're going to go through every single
one together right now. And think about
this. You wake up tomorrow morning, your
phone is already having a full news
briefing waiting for waiting for you.
You've got your email sorted. You've got
your calendar organized. Your research
is done and you didn't do any of it.
OpenClaw did whilst you were sleeping.
That is not a dream. That is real. And
by the end of this video, you're going
to know how to exactly make it happen.
But here's where it gets really
interesting, too. So, for each of these
34 things that OpenClaw can do, there
are little files you can install that
give it brand new superpowers. These are
skills. Think of them like apps on your
phone. So, one lets you, for example,
book your flights. One clears your
inbox. One runs through your entire
morning routine automatically without
you lifting a finger. Over 13,000 files
like this exist on the internet, built
by people all over the internet. And
that's where you have to be careful
because most people just download these
files, install them without looking.
Some of these files, they cannot be that
secure. We're not going to make that
mistake today. We're going to go through
all 34. We'll pick the best ones. We're
doing it in a new way so you get all the
power of these smart skills. Um, and
you're going to do it in also a way that
makes sure they're secure. So, by the
end of this video, your open claw is
going to be doing most things people
don't even know are possible. Let's get
straight into it. So, you can see the
example right here of open call and the
34 use cases. And from here, you've got
all these different stuff. So, for
example, social media, you've got like
the daily Reddit digest, you've got, for
example, exacount analysis, you've got
creative building, goal driven
autonomous tasks, etc. And these are all
different skill MD files, right? which
means you can install them into your
open claw like you see right here. So
what this means is you can take it and
go directly here. Now here's where you
have to be careful. It's like really
inside a lot of these skills or not a
lot of them but some of them
occasionally. You have to be careful
because sometimes people
create them and they're not that secure
and that's how people have like security
issues with open claw right because
sometimes they can be using like prompt
injection to get access to your open
claw or to do things you don't want them
to do etc. And so how do you get around
that? Well, if we have a look through
this list, we've got 34 different use
cases. So, for example, like even NA10
workflow orchestration, you can delegate
API calls to NA10 workflows via web
hooks. The agent never touches
credentials. Never integration is uh
visual unlockable, right? So, if we take
an example file like this, what you want
to do and you can see this is a skill MD
file, right? Skill MD file basically
explains to open claw or to where
wherever you install this, it could be
like core code or anti-gravity or
whatever. explains exactly how to set
this up. Right now, if we have a look
through this skill, it's pretty cool.
Great idea, right? But what you want to
do is you want to go over to something
like Claude and just check that um it
it's legit. Now, you can read it
yourself. You can you can read the file
yourself like it's all in plain text. Um
pretty straightforward and that sort of
thing. And then you can see how it works
step by step and just have a look
through and just make sure like, okay,
does it seem legit? Is it doing anything
that you wouldn't be um happy with? Is
it anything that maybe leaves you
exposed? And so you have to look through
the skill file and just check that it's
okay. Now once you've done that as well,
what I'd also recommend is not just that
you do it, but you also get Claw Claude
to look through it too. So you grab the
skill MD file like so. You go over to
Claude and then you just say, "Okay, um,
can you just check this skill is secure
plus avoids prompt injection, you know,
that sort of thing." And just get Claude
to scan it and have a look through it.
Now the other thing you can also do here
is you can actually take the example
prompt like this. So this is basically
like a long prompt a skill and def file
that instructs open claw to use a skill
and exactly how to use it right but what
you can also do here is you can look at
like okay what are the risk factors here
you know like if we look at the prompt
injection is this is something we have
to be careful of right and other
concerns too now the other way that you
can do this if you want to get an even
better version of this skill is not just
check it yourself not just run it
through claude but also what you can do
is you can go inside the chat here and
say okay can you write another version
of this skill
but moscule
that does the same thing but better,
right? And then you actually take the
skill itself, you use that as
inspiration, but you get Claude to
rewrite the skill so that it's, you
know, it's um easier to use and safer to
use in the future, right? And so that's
basically how you can sanity check these
skills before you add any of them
directly to your workflows. And then you
just check the skillmd file itself. Have
a quick read through. Make sure it's
legit. Make sure you're happy with it.
Make sure it can actually do the job
that you think it needs to do. And then
from there you can give this directly to
open claw. So for example, we could take
this information like so. Right? So once
it's finished uh coding out as you can
see see how it's rewritten stuff like
this about API keys and then it also has
like an agent allow list as well. And it
also tells you okay what the differences
before and after. Right? So now what you
can do is you can take this skill like
so
grab it like this and then go over to
open claw paste this in and then you can
say okay install this skill right that's
how you can do it or create a new skill
for this or schedule this to do um this
skill every hour or weekly or that sort
of thing. Let's what we got in the
comments here. So damicious, welcome
here, sir. Good to see you here again.
So So claw code remote doesn't replace
open claw. Honestly, for me, like I
prefer, especially with the new
features. So I don't think it like
necessarily replace it. It's always good
to test all these tools out and if you
have the time, just try them all and see
what you think. But for example, with
clawed code, it is really powerful now
that you got remote control, which means
that you can access Claude code locally,
but from your mobile device using remote
control. The other feature that got
released was the schedule tasks feature
in co-work. So Claude can now really
operate in a very similar way to
something like open claw. The final
update that came out to claude code
recently that makes it right up there
with something like open claw is that
claude code now has auto memory enabled,
right? You don't need to toggle
anything. It's just running between
sessions which means that it remembers
and has context just like open call was
um and does um across your files as well
in your sessions. So these are all
really good ways to use stuff. You you
don't have to pick one or the other.
Pick whichever one you think is the
best. Pick which one you like the most
and then go from there. But you can test
them I wouldn't say necessarily replaces
them, but you've got something like
Claude that's always getting better and
obviously it's a bit more secure than
something like Open Claw as well. So,
let's keep going through now. So, let's
have a look through this list. I think
this one is a really good one, right?
The Daily Reddit digest. That's pretty
cool. So, what we can do here, and this
is a really simple one, right? Like you
look through this list, it's pretty
chill right there. That is a a very
chill setup. You can see what how many
words is that? Like maybe 300, something
like that. Very relaxed.
as a skill. This is the skill here. So,
what we can do here is if we wanted to
install one of these skills, one of
these 34 use cases, like for example,
being able to browse subreddits,
searching post by topic, pulling
comments for threads, and building a
short list of posts to manually review
and reply to later. Well, what you can
do here is you can grab this like so.
And again, like one of the reasons I'm
showing this is like a lot of people
have OpenClaw, but they don't know how
to use it or they don't know what like
is possible with OpenClaw or they just
need some inspiration for use cases. So
you've got 34 today that I'm showing
you. So if we grab this prompt like so
and we say install the skill and again
you would run through those steps I gave
you earlier when it comes to checking
the skill before you install it. Right?
So I'm just being really clear um on
that process. So now this is going to
take the prompt like so for installing
the skill right and then we're going to
install the skill first and then later
we can actually use the skill itself.
Right? But we want to install it first.
So you can see here the open claw is now
beginning to install this. In the
meantime, let's have a look through the
rest of the OpenCore use cases. And you
can see here that um it's using browser
control. So the actual open claw is
beginning to browse the actual skill
file
to to check what it's like and that sort
of thing. So let's have a look what else
we got here. Yeah, I mean like there's
all sorts of cool stuff you could do
with this, right? Here's another one.
Access OpenClaw from any phone via voice
call or SMS, right? And that way you can
install like a phone based personal
assistant which is pretty crazy. So like
you can call your open call or you can
SMS it and that sort of thing right. Um
you can get calendar updates, Jira
tickets, web search results uh without
basically handsfree that sort of thing.
You can see the example here and then
the skills needed as well. It's got the
skills needed here for the details. So
you also you also want you want to check
the skill of the use case but you also
want to check like the skills needed. So
if these are the skills that are going
to be installed for example like claw
talk then you just want to check that
before you install it. Check through
this. You can download the skill itself.
You can ask Claude to check it. Um, you
can rewrite it as we talked about, but
that's the whole point is like checking
this stuff before we go ahead with uh
installing any of this stuff. So, that's
installing in the background as you can
see. But this essentially 34 awesome use
cases. There's so much cool stuff that
you can do with openclaw. You don't have
to do this on openclaw as well. Like any
of these skills really at this point,
you could replicate them with for
example um with claw code with co-work
as well. So if you wanted to just do the
task straight away, then you can use the
skill inside claw code, right? But if
you wanted to for example use this skill
from openclaw inside a schedule task,
something that runs automatically every
day, then you would actually install it
inside co-work instead, right? Claude
co-work has um the schedule task feature
just like openclaw. And that's basically
how to get it set up. So if you want to
get the notes from today, you can get
that inside the AR profit boardroom link
in the comments description. And just to
recap here, you know, if you're
wondering, okay, what is openclaw? Why
does it matter? Well, open core is a
local AI agent framework. It means it
can run on your computer, not in the
cloud. Your data stays with you. You can
run it from your mobile device, from
Telegram, etc. Uses what are called
skill files. A skill file is a pre-built
set of instructions that tells your
local AI agent exactly how to do a
specific task. It's like hiring a
specialist who already knows the job on
day one. You don't need to train it. You
don't need to on board it. You just drop
the skill in and it works. Now the
security process as we've talked about
today is like you want to check the
skill, you want to open the skill MD
file, read through it yourself, look for
anything um that you don't expect or
doesn't seem quite correct correct. Copy
the contents into Claude. You can use a
prompt like this to check it. Right? So
review this open clause skill. Um
identify any instructions that could be
insecure blah blah blah. Rewrite the
clean version. Review what Claude
produces as well. And then you can
deploy the clean version, not the
original. Right? And that will take
about five to three minutes per skill.
but it just helps um you know just just
stay uh better, right? We've also got a
framework for using the Open Claw 34
framework. So, if you want like a 30-day
plan for implementing all of these
skills and just making Open Claw as
powerful as it possibly can be, we've
got a full 30-day road map right here.
And uh and that's basically it. All
right, that's exactly how to use it.
We've also got 100 prompts inside the
notes today as well. So, if you want to
learn how to build your own skills, how
to create awesome stuff, how to automate
and make OpenCore autonomous, we've got
that inside the notes. And also inside
this community, we have a 6-h hour
course on how to use OpenClaw. So, if
you want to master OpenClaw, we've got a
six-hour course here. If you want to
master it as well, we've got another
3-hour course. And every single day, we
just add new updates like this one based
on what I'm learning about OpenClaw and
how to use it and, you know, as it
develops. So, that's all inside the AR
profit boardroom link in the comments
description or go to the
arprofitboard.com. Inside the community,
you can ask questions, get help, get
support whenever you need them. We have
a lot of members just getting awesome
wins as you can see right here. You can
see for example Clint got his first
customer which is amazing. You got for
example SRC managing um agency around
crushing it there. You've got a bunch of
people getting new sales etc. So if you
want to learn AI automation, save time
etc. Feel free to join this. And also
inside the calendar we have four weekly
video coaching calls so you can jump on
those live calls, ask questions, get
help, get support on AI automation. And
also inside the classroom you get all of
my best training. So, for example, if
you want to go from beginner to expert
in just five weeks and learn how to
master AI agents, you can learn that
right here. If you want to get my
playbooks on how I automate, for
example, um Twitter or shorts or
Instagram or AI avatar videos, you can
do that here as well. Bear in mind, like
we I mean, for example, yesterday we
reached 485,000 people with AI
automation on X. So, it's a really
powerful automation. The same for
example with AI SEO. If you're not using
this for your website, it's a great way
to to rank on Google. As you can see, I
mean, we went from like 18 clicks a day
to 460. We actually reached a peak of
like 780 clicks a day using AI SEO,
particularly with Open Claw. And we've
got all the trainings inside the
classroom right here, right? If you go
to the AI SEO section. If you want to
learn how to grow a YouTube channel,
we've got a six week master plan right
there. And also, if you want to get
daily updates on exactly how this stuff
works, you can see that we add new
updates every single day with video
tutorials and step-by-step guides.
So, hope to see you inside there. I
always also personally connect inside
there. So if you want to DM me or ask me
any questions etc you can inside the AR
profitable build and automate anything
with notebook LM plus openclaw. Today I
am going to show you two tools that
changed how I run everything. One does
the thinking the other does the doing.
Put them together and you have a system
that builds itself. This is brand new.
It is stupid easy. And by the end of
this video you will wonder why nobody
told you sooner. Let me show you exactly
how it works. Okay. So here is the
problem. Most people use AI like a
search engine. They type a question,
they get an answer, they move on. That
is like buying a sports car and only
using it to go to the grocery store. You
are leaving so much on the table. What
if I told you there is a way to make AI
do real work for you, not just answer
questions, actually build systems,
actually run tasks, actually create
assets you can use over and over again.
That's what we are doing today. Hey, if
we haven't met already, I'm the digital
avatar of Julian Goldie, CEO of SEO
agency Goldie Agency. Whilst he's
helping clients get more leads and
customers, I'm here to help you get the
latest AI updates. Julian Goldie reads
every comment, so make sure you comment
below. Let me break this into two parts.
Part one is the brain. Part two is the
hands. Stay with me because this gets
really good. Part one, Notebook LM. This
is the brain. Now, Notebook LM just got
a huge upgrade. It has this new feature
called discover sources. Here is why
that matters. Before you had to upload
your own files, your own PDFs, your own
docs. Now, Notebook LM goes out and
finds the best sources for you. It pulls
in articles. It pulls in research. It
links everything with citations. You do
not have to go hunt for anything. It
does it for you. This is not Google.
This is not a chatbot. This is like
having a research assistant that works
in seconds. So, let me show you how I
would use this. Say I want to build a
new content system for the AI profit
boardroom. That is our community where
we teach people how to use AI automation
to grow their business. I open a brand
new notebook. Nothing in it. Blank
starting from zero. Then I use discover
sources and I type something like this.
Find the best resources on how to build
and automate content workflows using AI
agents and no code tools for an online
community. Notebook LM goes out. It
finds the top sources. It links them
all. And now I have a research base I
did not have to build myself. But here
is where it gets wild. Now I can ask
Notebook LM to think, not just search
think. I can say things like summarize
the core workflow patterns across these
sources or identify the repeatable
processes or extract the decision logic
or take all of this and turn it into a
step-by-step framework and it does it.
Notebook LM is not giving opinions. It
is reading real sources and pulling out
the patterns. It is compressing hours of
research into something I can actually
use. Think about that. You just went
from zero to a full framework in
minutes. No guessing, no making stuff
up, just structured thinking based on
real information. Now, here is the key
part. This is not automation yet. This
is the blueprint. This is the brain
doing its job. The output you get is not
tied to any one tool. You can take this
framework and use it anywhere. You can
use it to build agents. You can use it
to plan content for the AI profit
boardroom. You can use it to map out an
entire onboarding system for new
members. You can use it to create a
workflow that turns one piece of content
into 10. The blueprint is the foundation
and Notebook LM just built it for you.
And one more thing, if you are creating
all this content with Notebook LM, but
nobody is finding it online, you have
got a traffic problem. That is where SEO
comes in. If you want more leads, more
traffic, and more people finding your
stuff, my team can help you rank higher
on Google. Check the link in the
comments and description to order AI SEO
online and let us handle your back links
while you focus on growing your
business. And if you want to rank number
one and get more customers, join the SEO
elite circle. That is where we actually
teach you how this works. No theory, no
recycle tips, just the exact AI SEO
systems we are using right now. We break
everything down step by step with real
workflows, weekly live support, and
clear actions you can follow without
guessing. If you are serious about
scaling with SEO and AI, this is where
you start. Hit the link in the
description and join the SEO elite
circle today. Okay, now part two. This
is where it gets real. Open claw. If
notebook LM is the brain, then openclaw
is the hands. Notebook LM does the
thinking. Open claw does the doing. Let
me say that again because it matters.
One thinks, the other acts. That is how
you build systems that actually works.
So what is openclaw? Openclaw is moving
toward what I would call agent first
orchestration. That means it is built to
run things, not to research, not to
summarize, to execute. You give it logic
and it follows that logic perfectly
every single time. It does not get
tired. It does not forget steps. It just
runs. So here is how the two connect.
Remember that blueprint we built in
notebook LM, that framework with all the
steps and logic and decisions mapped
out. We take that and we bring it into
OpenClaw. Now we are turning a plan into
a living system. Let me give you a real
example. Say I want to automate how we
welcome new members into the AI profit
boardroom in Notebook LM. I already
built the framework. It tells me the
steps. When someone joins, send them a
welcome message. Then send them a
getting started guide. Then check if
they completed the first module. If yes,
send them the next resource. If no, send
them a reminder. That is the logic. That
is the brain doing its job. Now in
OpenClaw, I build that as a workflow. I
set up the trigger. Someone joins. Then
the agents kick in. One agent sends a
welcome message. Another agent checks
their progress. Another agent decides
what to send next based on what they
did. Every step is mapped out. Every
decision is handled and it runs on its
own. Think about what that means. You
are not manually checking on every new
member. You are not writing individual
messages. You are not tracking who did
what in a spreadsheet. The system does
it. That is the difference between
working in your business and building a
machine that works for you. And the
beautiful thing is you can do this for
almost anything. content creation
workflows, lead follow-up sequences,
community engagement systems, onboarding
flows, task management, all of it. You
build the brain in notebook LM. You
build the body in open claw and together
they run. Let me show you what a full
run looks like. You start with a topic,
say growing an AI automation community,
right? Notebook LM researches the best
strategies. It pulls sources. It
extracts the patterns. It builds a
framework. Then you take that framework
into open claw. You set up triggers. You
assign agents to different jobs. You add
the decision logic and then you hit run.
Topic goes in. Logic processes it.
Agents do their jobs. Real output comes
out the other end. Content, messages,
tasks, assets, whatever you need. That
is not a hack. That is not a trick. That
is a system. And once you build it, you
can use it over and over again. You
build it once and it keeps working. Here
is what I want you to take away from
this. Most people think AI is about
getting answers. It is not. It is about
building systems. Notebook LM gives you
the thinking. Open claw gives you the
execution. Together they give you
leverage and leverage is how you scale
without burning out. So here's what I
want you to do right now. Open notebook
LM start a blank notebook. Use discover
sources to research something you
actually need for your business or your
project. Build a framework. Then take
that framework into openclaw and start
building. You will be shocked at how
fast it comes together. And one more
thing, if you are creating all this
content with Notebook LM, but nobody is
finding it online, you have got a
traffic problem. That is where SEO comes
in. If you want more leads, more
traffic, and more people finding your
stuff, my team can help you rank higher
on Google. Check the link in the
comments and description to order AI SEO
online and let us handle your back links
while you focus on growing your
business. And if you want to rank number
one and get more customers, join the SEO
elite circle. That is where we actually
teach you how this works. No theory, no
recycle tips, just the exact AI SEO
systems we are using right now. We break
everything down step by step with real
workflows, weekly live support, and
clear actions you can follow without
guessing. If you are serious about
scaling with SEO and AI, this is where
you start. Hit the link in the
description and join the SEO elite
circle today. Drop a comment below and
tell me what you would automate first. I
read every single one. And if this
helped you, smash that like button and
subscribe because we have got way more
coming. I will see you in the next one.
Open Claw new update is insane. This new
OpenClaw update just dropped and it is
absolutely insane. They fixed
everything. They made it safer. They
made it smarter. And honestly, some of
these changes are game changers. I'm
going to break down every single thing
so you can use this right now. Trust me,
you don't want to miss this one. Let's
get into it. So, OpenClaw just pushed
out their 2026.2.2
25 update. And if you don't know what
OpenClaw is, don't worry. I got you.
Think of it like this. Every single day,
you do a bunch of boring stuff. You send
messages. You check Slack. You reply to
emails. You follow up on things. Now,
what if you had a little robot that just
did all of that for you automatically
without you even thinking about it?
That's OpenClaw. It's a self-hosted AI
agent that connects to Slack, Discord,
WhatsApp, email, your local tools, APIs,
all of it. It reads files. It sends
messages. It automates the repetitive
stuff you hate doing. And it runs 24/7
without you lifting a finger. Now,
here's the thing. Open Claw is powerful,
like really powerful. It holds onto your
login info and your sessions, so it can
keep working even when you're asleep.
But that also means you got to be smart
about how you set it up. Microsoft
actually came out and said you should
not run OpenC on your regular computer.
They said use a virtual machine or an
isolated setup. So, keep that in mind.
Use it smart, set it up safe, and you'll
be fine. Now, let's get into the actual
update. There are five big changes, and
I'm going to go through every single
one. Number one, heartbeat DM delivery
is back. So, OpenClaw has this thing
called heartbeat automations. Think of
it like a pulse check. Your agent wakes
up every so often on a schedule. It
checks on stuff and then it sends you a
message if something matters, like an
alert or a reminder or a status update.
In older versions, they turned off the
ability for heartbeats to send you
direct messages. They did that to stop
messages going to the wrong place. But
the problem was it killed a really
useful feature. A lot of people relied
on those heartbeat DMs. Well, guess
what? It's back. Your heartbeat
automations can DM you again. So, if you
had alerts that stopped working a few
updates ago, they're alive again. This
is huge for anyone running background
monitoring. You set it up once, you
forget about it, and it just pings you
when something matters. Love this
change. Number two, sub aent delivery
got a complete overhaul. Let me explain
what a sub aent is. You have your main
agent, right? That's the boss. But
sometimes the boss needs help with
specific tasks. So it spins up little
mini agents called sub agents. These are
like worker bots. They go do one
specific job and then they report back
to the main agent with the results. The
problem before was that when sub agents
tried to send their messages back,
things got messy, messages got lost,
routing got confused. Sometimes the sub
agent would finish its job, but the main
agent never got the memo. Now, OpenClaw
completely overhauled how sub agents
deliver their messages. It's cleaner.
It's faster. It's way more reliable. You
could have one main agent managing five
or six sub agents each doing a different
task. And now they all report back
cleanly. If you're building anything
serious with OpenClaw, this is probably
the most important change in the whole
update. Hey, if we haven't met already,
I'm the digital avatar of Julian Goldie,
CEO of Goldie Agency. Whilst he's
helping clients get more leads and
customers, I'm here to help you get the
latest AI updates. Julian Goldie reads
every single comment, so make sure you
drop one below. Tell me what you're
building with AI agents right now. I
read every single one. All right, let's
keep going. Number three, Slack thread
session fixes. This one is for all my
Slack people out there. You know how
Slack has threads, right? Someone posts
a message, you reply to it, and that
reply stays in a nice little thread.
Well, OpenCaw was having a problem where
replies would jump out the thread.
they'd end up in the main channel
instead of staying where they belong.
Super confusing, especially if you're
running a team. Well, that's fixed now.
Replies stay in the right thread.
Sessions stay in the right context. No
more lost replies floating around your
Slack channels. If your team uses Slack
for anything, this is a massive quality
of life improvement. Number four,
reaction authentication across all
channels. When someone reacts to a
message with an emoji, OpenClaw pays
attention to that. It can trigger
actions based on reactions. But before
this update, reactions were handled
differently depending on which platform
you were on. Sometimes permissions
slipped through that shouldn't have. Now
OpenClaw checks reaction permissions the
exact same way across every single
platform. Slack, Discord, wherever. It's
locked down and consistent. Way more
secure. Now, real quick, if you're
watching this and you're thinking,
"Okay, I want to actually use AI tools
like OpenClaw to automate my business
and scale up." Check out the AI Profit
Boardroom. is the best place to learn
how to set up AI agents like OpenClaw to
automate your workflows and get more
customers if you want to build
automations like the ones I'm talking
about right now. That's where you need
to be. Link in the description and
comments. Number five, security
hardening. This is the biggest deal of
the entire update. Openclaw has been
getting a lot of attention from security
researchers lately. There was even an
academic paper on AR give that looked at
the safety of AI agents built on
OpenClaw and the team clearly listened.
Here's what they did. Better sandboxing,
so your agent runs in its own isolated
box and can't mess with stuff it
shouldn't touch. Better session
isolation so multiple tasks don't bleed
into each other. Credential redaction so
your passwords and API keys don't
accidentally show up in logs or
messages. Tighter permissions by
default, so new setups start safe and
better routing defaults to prevent
message leakage. No accidental
broadcasts, no unauthorized deliveries.
This is massive. AI agents can access
your messages, your files, your APIs,
your credentials if they're not locked
down properly. A small misconfiguration
can lead to a big problem. The fact that
OpenClaw is taking security this
seriously tells me they're building
something meant to last. They're not
just throwing features at the wall. than
making the whole foundation solids. So,
let me put it all together. Here's why
this update matters for you. Your
automations work again. Heartbeat DMs
are back. Your team workflows are more
reliable. Slack threads stay where they
belong. You can build more complex stuff
because sub agent delivery actually
works now. Security is tighter across
the board and you can actually trust the
tool more, which is the whole point. If
you want to update, it's simple. just
run open claw update run in your
terminal or do a docker pull if you're
running it in a container. Make sure
you're isolating your setup. Use a
virtual machine, monitor your tokens,
and you're good to go. Now, let me give
you a few tips. If you're setting up
OpenClaw for the first time or even if
you've been using it uh for a while,
first thing, always run it in an
isolated environment. I said it before,
but I'm saying it again because it's
that important. a virtual machine or a
container. Don't run it on your main
laptop where all your personal stuff
lives. Second thing, keep your
credentials tight. Don't give your agent
access to everything just because you
can. Start with the minimum permissions
and only add more when you actually need
them. Third thing, monitor your agent.
Check what it's doing. Look at the logs.
Make sure messages are going where they
should. Automation is amazing, but you
still need to keep an eye on things,
especially in the beginning. And and
here's the bigger picture. AI agents are
not a trend. This is the future. Right
now, most people are still doing
everything manually. They're copying and
pasting. They're switching between 10
tabs. They're spending hours on tasks
that should take minutes. But the people
who figure out AI agents right now are
going to have such a massive advantage
because while everyone else is doing
stuff by hand, you've got agents working
for you around the clock, handling the
boring stuff, freeing you up to focus on
the things that actually move the
needle. That's where everything is
heading. And if you want to use AI tools
like OpenClaw to automate your business
and get more customers, join the AI
profit boardroom. I'll show you exactly
how to set up automations like this step
by step. Link in the description and
comments below. And if you want the full
process, SOPs, and over a 100 AI use
cases just like this one, join the AI
success lab. It's completely free. Links
in the comments and description. You'll
get all the video notes from there, plus
access to our community of 38,000
members who are crushing it with AI
right now. I'll see you in the next one.
Today we have a brand new update from
Open Claw. They're updating it every
single day and you can see the new
updates right here. So this is the 26th
of February update with a bunch of new
improvements like you can see. So for
example, codeex, web soocket, first
transport, ACP support, Android app
improvements, agent routing, CLI, um,
and a bunch of security fixes too. If
you want to get a full list of what's
happened and what's changed, you can see
it right here. And if you want to learn
how to update this, I'll show you right
now. So what you can do is you can go
inside open claw like you can see right
here and if you want to just enable auto
updates you can go down the left hand
side go to the config and then scroll
down and you can enable auto updates
which means this will automatically
update when new updates push through. If
you want to do this manually what you
can do is you can copy the details of
the GitHub link the change log and just
say update to the newest version.
Sometimes this breaks with the gateway,
but let's just test and see how it
works. There's also you can use terminal
commands as well to update too. Again,
sometimes that can break too. So, I'm
just going to use the web UI for now
and that will just load in the
background as you can see. In the
meantime, let's run through what the new
updates mean for you, how it works, etc.
First things first, what even is
openclaw? So, this is like a super smart
AI assistant that can read your
messages, reply to people, browse the
internet, run tasks automatically, and
even control apps on your phone. And
open claw is the software that operates
all this, right? So it connects your AI
to places like Telegram, Slack, Discord,
WhatsApp. You can use the web UI as
well. And it just got a major upgrade.
So here's what's changed. Number one,
it's improved the external secrets
management like you can see. So it now
has a dedicated system just for handling
secrets safely. It's called the Open
Core Secrets Workflow. And so it's got
like audits, configure, etc. And it
basically means like if you're storing
like API keys and that sort of thing, it
means the setup is more secure. Also,
you've got ACP threadbound agents. Now,
if you're wondering what an agent is,
this is an agent that's acting
independently. So, instead of just
answering one question, it can take a
series of actions like sending a
message, checking data, running a task,
then reporting back. Now, you might be
wondering, okay, well, what's a thread
then? A thread is a conversation like a
WhatsApp chat or a Slack channel. A
thread is the ongoing back and forth
between you and the AI. So, what
actually changed? Before this update,
agents and threads were kind of separate
systems. The AI might run a task, but it
wasn't cleanly tied to the conversation
it came from. Now agents are first class
runtimes inside thread sessions. That's
a fancy way of saying the agent is now
like full citizen of the conversation.
It's not a separate thing that runs in
the background. It's woven directly into
the thread. Right? So these agents can
be spawned, created, and launched
directly inside a conversation. Messages
can be sent to and from it cleanly. It
has uh life cycle controls, meaning you
can stop and start it whenever you want.
And when it's done, it cleans itself up
as well. Now if we go back to open claw
let's see what it's done so it's still
loading right here as you can see
hopefully it's going to start working
but sometimes it breaks so we'll see it
might have broken again also got codeex
websocket first transport so when your
AI talks to a service like for example
open AAIS codeex it needs a way to send
and receive information right um and
there are two main options as you can
see right so the server send events like
this is the old way like it's a it's a
bit slow basically it's a bit one
direction only it works okay but it
feels a bit clunky the websocket method
is like a new preferred way. It's like a
live phone call, right? So, it's
two-way, real time, much faster, much
more reliable. What does that mean?
Well, basically, if you're using chat
GBT codeex, um, it will run faster,
right? Faster responses, fewer drop
connections, more stable coding
sessions. So, if you're using chat GBT
codeex inside OpenClaw, which I do for
Oorth, then it tends to run better. Now,
if we go back inside OpenClaw here, you
can see that we've upgraded to the new
version. The top right now says the 26th
of February, as you can see. So, it has
upgraded right there. So, that seemed to
work. You just need to wait a few
minutes for it to get sorted out as you
can see. Um, and the way that we did
that, just to recap here, is we pasted
in
the GitHub link to the change log and
then said update to the newest version.
And that seemed to work perfectly, which
is awesome. And then there's a bunch of
other updates. So, for example, the
Android app as well. So, OpenClaw can
connect to your Android phone as a node.
Basically, meaning the phone becomes
part of the AI network. So the AI can
interact with your Android device uh
device which opens up more automation
options, right? So what's new? Well, it
can do device status and info commands
and it can also do notifications. Now
why does this matter? Because if you're
building any kind of AI powered phone
automation, think like monitoring
workflows, autoresponders, um Android
devices are much more active inside
that. There's a bunch of other stuff as
well like agent routting CLI, um bunch
of security fixes, etc. So quick summary
of what to do. You can update especially
for the security fixes. If you saw API
keys in the config files, you can
migrate them to the external secret
system if you want. And if you run
Android devices as nodes, you can
explore the new device status and
notification features. And if you're
using chat GPT codecs, you can enjoy
faster connections using the web socket.
That's basically it for the update to
update it. You know what it means. You
know how it works. And it literally just
came out like I think it came out when
like 1 and a half hours ago, maybe 2
hours ago, something like that. But
you've got all the new updates and you
know exactly what it means right now.
Well, thanks so much for watching. If
you haven't already, check out the AR
profit boardroom. This is my community
that host helps you save time, scale,
and grow with AI automation. There's
2,500 members inside there. So that
means you can post questions, you can
get help, you can get support inside the
community whenever you need it. You can
also join our daily accountability group
that just helps you stay laser focused
on your goals, which is awesome right
here as well. On top of that, inside the
calendar here, you get four weekly
coaching calls. So, you can jump on live
coaching calls, get help, get support
whenever you need them. And we actually
have over 130 pages of testimonials from
people winning just like you with AI
automation. So, you can see here, for
example, inside the community, um, we've
got all these testimonials from people
who are winning. So, for example, like
Russell is selling AI avatar videos.
Eric is on boarding new clients. Dan has
landed his first customer. Just loads of
cool stuff. Loads of people winning with
this stuff. I mean, Paul created a
GitHub called Agent Vibes, which got
over 100 stars. So, people are creating
real stuff. I mean, Paul, he actually
created a auto blog um with NASA that
ranked to number one on Google in like
90 minutes. So, it's pretty crazy what
people are doing with this. And it's
it's awesome to see a community of
people who are helping each other,
learning and growing together. Inside
the map, you can also see here that you
can zoom in on your local area, meet
people locally, DM them, ask questions,
that sort of thing. And then also inside
the classroom, you get access to my best
training. So, for example, you can go
from beginner to expert with AI
automation and learn how to build your
first AI agent in under 5 minutes. And
we have video tutorials on all of this.
If you want to get my best playbooks and
systems that I use personally for my
business, you can see them here. So, for
example, like automating videos with AI
or shorts or newsletter automations or
Twitter, etc. That's all inside there.
If you want to get daily updates on the
new automations that actually matter, we
add new guides and video tutorials
inside this section. So, for example,
this new open claw update came out 2
hours ago. We already got a full guide
and a video tutorial on it. Maxclaw the
same. Perplexi Computer. Perlexi
Computer is really cool for building out
projects like coding apps, tools,
websites, landing pages, and games. test
it out. And I've got a full video
tutorial and a step-by-step guide here
as you can see. And we just add new
stuff like this every single day. So,
whatever is useful and I actually find
good, I will share directly inside this
section here just to keep it updated
regularly. You can also, for example,
learn how to get more clients with the
agency course. We actually record the
coaching calls and you can watch them
back there. You can learn how to rank
number one with AI SEO using this
section. And you can also learn how to
grow a YouTube channel with AI based on
what's working for me inside that
section, too. So that's all inside the
AI profit boardroom link in the comments
in description or go to the
aiprofitboardroom.com.
There's a brand new extension for
openclaw with a huge list of skills you
can automatically install directly into
open claw, right? And it's called
awesome open claw skills. As you can see
right here, this is a a GitHub with tons
of different skills you can
automatically install. For example, for
images and video generation, apps,
notes, um data analysis, AI and LLM,
etc. You see all sorts of crazy stuff
that you can add inside here. And this
just makes your open claw 100 times more
powerful. And most people have no idea
it happened. So there are now over 2,868
free communitybuilt skills available for
your open claw. And you want to think of
skills like apps for your phone, except
instead of downloading apps to play
games or check the weather, you're
downloading superpowers for your AI
assistant. skills that let openclaw book
things, search aware, build websites,
control your smart home, generate
videos, manage your calendar, and that's
just scratching the surface in this
curated list of the best 2868 skills.
The ones that community actually uses
and trusts organized by categories. So,
for example, you got marketing, coding,
automation, research, communication,
even gaming. There is a skill for
basically anything you can think of. And
the best part, you can install these
pretty quickly, which is what we'll test
out today. We're going to go through
this list live together now. find the
hidden gems, install them live, and see
what they can actually do. By the end of
this video, your OpenClaw is going to be
doing things it has never done before.
Let's get straight into it. One thing
that I want to say here quickly before
we go into this is that the skills in
this list are curated, not audited. So,
they may be updated or modified or that
sort of thing. So, you always want to
check the skill files. You can use a
couple of different um options right
here for testing this out. So, for
example, like agent trust hub, uh you've
got the skill security scanner as well.
So just be careful before you do install
this stuff. But I like to just test
things for you and and share that. If
you don't feel comfortable installing
anything, you can just watch my videos
and learn from them instead. All right,
and get straight into this. I'm going to
go over to openclaw.
As you can see right here, and then
let's get started with installing this
GitHub. We're going to take the link for
the GitHub and I'm going to say install
these skills. And that should work. But
let's see what it does. Usually when
it's installing something big like a you
know GitHub then um it takes a little
while. In the meantime we can actually
browse through and see what we've got
inside here. So for example
you've got like a skill creator skill
which is um for creating effective
skills. If you're wondering like what
each of one of these does as well
actually this useful for you. You can
always check the skill MD file. So you
could just install like one of these
skills if you're not sure etc. But
basically this is a catalog of skills
right? So how this works is like you can
take each one of these skills um and
then you can run this
inside openclaw and ask it to create
this skill directly. If we actually go
to openclaw to try and install the repo,
it says the repo is a catalog, right? So
you don't install them all at once. You
just pick whichever skill you want to
use and install it from there. So, if we
go back to the skills list, like for
example, this one, if we wanted to
install it, we can we should be able to
grab that, copy the information from the
page like this, and then say install
this skill. And then it says, do you
want it installed globally or do you
just want it installed inside the
workspace? So, I'm going to say install
it globally. And again, like always
check the skills before you install this
stuff. You can run it through for
example claude copy and paste the skill
MD before you start using it inside
openclaw and just check is it okay is it
legit etc right have a look through see
what the skill MD does. So if we go back
to open claw here we can say install it
globally
see the copy pasted skill MD file above.
So whilst that's waiting to load
let's have a look and see what else
we've got on the list. So we got like
multi-coding agents which allows it to
run codeex CLI claw code open code or pi
coding. What else we got here? MC
builder. It's pretty cool. So it's like
a guide for creating high quality MCPs.
So that you could use that inside
openclaw as well. There's all sorts of
interesting stuff. These are just coding
agents and ids. You also got for
example, let's have a look through here.
We got clawbot tools. So like agent
manager as you can see. You've got the
cost report. So that tracks usage costs
which could be quite useful. The cron
job creator. All sorts of crazy stuff.
Like look at this one. This this is
interesting. The cron job mastery guide.
Let's open this up and see what this
skill does. So this allows you to master
open clause timing system. So you can
use for scheduling reliable reminders,
setting up um every so often maintenance
and understanding when to use chrome
versus.
And then it's got a full guide for
openclaw on exactly how to use this
skill. And then if we go back to open
claw actually says, do you want me to
verify it by reading the skill ID or
not? Right. So it's installed the skill
here as you can see and then we've got
that installed directly into openclaw.
So this is all free for you to use.
You've got all these different skills,
all this stuff that people have set up
to improve it. You've got for example
like tons of marketing ones as well. So
for example like blog to Kindle. You
could create Kindle books using openclaw
which is pretty crazy. What else you got
here? Email sequence builder. So all
sorts of marketing skills. If you're a
marketer or you're marketing your
business or you're trying to get more
customers, this could be really useful.
You got the SEO optimizer pro skill
here. Let's open that up and see how it
goes. So, we'll take that skill like so.
And then we'll go over to open core and
we'll just install that one as well. And
we'll say install this. And you can
actually see when the skill was last
updated as well, which is useful.
And then you can see all the
documentation guides here. So, you got
the change log, the tags,
what the current release does. So for
example, for this SEO skill, it can do
technical SEO audits. It can do AEO
recommendations, content readability
analysis, etc. And then you can see all
the cool stuff it does here, right? And
then it's installed that. So you can
install all of these skills in like one
click just by copying and pasting the
GitHub link and the information from the
GitHub page. And then you can just pick
and choose whichever skills you want. I
wouldn't recommend choosing them all. I
would actually just recommend looking
through the list and going, "Okay, which
ones are the most relevant to me?"
Right? So, for example, for me, I have
an SEO agency. So, installing the SEO
related skills would make a lot of
sense, right? Some other cool stuff um
that you can see here, you got like
Ralph Loops as well. What else we got
inside the
Yeah, it's all sorts of cool stuff
inside here. Calendar and scheduling,
that sort of thing. There's so much
here. So,
seems really cool so far. Again, always
check the skills before you install
them. Pretty simple and easy to use.
I've got a full guide on how to use this
as well, as you can see right here. But
just to recap,
this helps you turn openclaw into a
fully automated business system using
the community skills vault. Right? Now,
what is the skills vault? So, OpenClaw
runs locally on your machine on its own.
It's already powerful, but the skills
vault makes it more powerful in the best
way. Right? Think of it like this.
OpenClaw is learning new skills and just
upgrading all the time each time you add
stuff inside here. So for example, if
you're running a business, well, the
most useful skills and categories that
would be useful for you are, for
example, like search, AI, browser
automation, marketing and sales,
productivity tasks, image and video
generation, all sorts of cool stuff like
this. Right now, you might be thinking,
okay, why is this different from other
stuff? Well, if you've already got Open
Claw, it's it's powerful and it's
useful, but it doesn't have all these
skills pre-installed, right? So, it
doesn't know how to do a lot of
workflows. It's just kind of guessing.
whereas each time you add a new skill,
you're training on how to do that
specific thing. And again, like just be
careful when you install this stuff. And
if you want a 30-day plan, we've got a
30-day plan with example uh skills and
stuff you can add inside here as well
for using this stuff. But yeah, it's
really easy to add these. I mean, even
if you're not technical, you can just
add the skills. These are all free that
you can add as well. And
I would just pick and choose the ones
you want. You don't need to install like
2,800 skills. That would be crazy. I
also have a list of 100 prompts you can
test out these skills as well as you can
see right here. And just to recap,
here's everything that we covered today.
So what the Open Claw skills vault
actually is, OpenClaw is a locally
running AI system operates on your
machine. The skills vault is a cur
collection of over 2,800 community
skills sourced from clawhubs registry.
These skills extend your agents
capabilities connecting it to external
services, automating workflows, and
performing specialized tasks. Um, as you
can see with Open Claw. Now, why it's
different is like most AI tools inside
well well with open claw you've got like
a blank canvas and this trains up the
blank canvas to be way more powerful and
if you want to install any skill
literally all you do is you can you can
run this command or you can just paste
the skills GitHub repository link into
openclaw I'd recommend that approach to
be honest I think that's fast right here
so thanks so much for watching if you
want to get a full guide on this it's
all inside the AR profit boardroom link
in the comments description we have new
guides inside here every single day as
you can So, for example, today we've
already added four new guides based on
the new automations that came out and we
update this daily. This is my AI
automation community on school that
helps you save time, scale, and grow
with AI automation. We have a
supportive, helpful community of 2,500
people, which means there's always
people online to help you. So, if you
post any questions inside the community,
you get help and support whenever you
need it. We also have a daily
accountability group. So, if you
struggle with information overload or
overwhelm or anything like that, you can
ask questions right here. Inside the
calendar, we have weekly coaching calls.
You can jump on weekly video coaching
calls and get help, meet the community,
ask questions, share your screen, etc.
If you want to meet people in your local
area, we've got the map so you can zoom
in on the map and ask questions. You can
DM people, ask if they want to jump on a
Zoom call, that sort of thing. We also
have over 130 pages of testimonials from
uh people getting results with our
school communities as you can see. So,
it's pretty awesome. for example, like
Eric landed a new client. Russell was
selling AI avatar videos to clients. Dan
was in the AI boardroom for two weeks
and landed his first customer. So,
there's a lot of people getting awesome
results, which I love. And then also
inside the classroom here, you can see
all of my best training. So, for
example, if you want to go from beginner
to expert with AI automation and learn
how to build your first AI agent in
under 5 minutes, you can do that right
here. If you want to get my playbooks
on, for example, how to automate AI
avatar videos or Instagram or shorts or
X and Twitter, you can do that with this
section here, too. If you want to learn,
for example, all the latest updates each
day and stay updated with the new stuff
that comes out, you can see this section
right here with the new updates. And
then, additionally, if you want to get
more clients for your agency, you can
check out the agency course right here.
You can watch about the coaching calls
there if you want to, too. And you can
also learn how to grow with AI SEO. This
has a ton of workflows for helping you
rank number one with Google and other uh
search engines like Chat GPT and that
sort of thing. If you want to see an
example of our results, you can see
previously we were at like 8 clicks a
day before and now we're getting
anywhere between like sometimes 780
clicks a day, which is pretty crazy. So
traffic has gone up nicely since using
AI SEO. And also inside this section,
you can learn how to grow a YouTube
channel with AI based on what's working
for me. So, if you want to get access to
this, you can get access inside the link
in the comments in the description or
just go to the aiprofitboardroom.com.
OpenClaw just dropped a brand new free
update and we're testing out together
today right now. Here's why it matters.
You know how OpenClaw is supposed to be
your AI assistant that works for you
around the clock. Sending messages,
running tasks, checking in
automatically, even when you're not
there. Well, a few days ago, actually
stopped doing one of the most important
things it actually does. It stopped
delivering its heartbeat messages
directly to you. That means your AI
system was basically shouting into an
empty room. Nobody home. No updates
gave. This new update, the 25th of
February one, just fix that. Heartbeat
DM deliveries back on. Your assistant
can reach you again. But that's not even
the biggest part. This update also
overhauled the entire way OpenCore sends
and manages messages through sub agents.
Those are the little helper AI workers
who run tasks for you behind the scenes.
Before this update, those helpers could
get lost, drop messages, or just freeze
up. Now they work like a proper assembly
line. Step by step, no messages falling
through the cracks. On top of that, they
lock the whole thing down to a bunch of
security fixes in one single update.
That means if you're using Open Core and
Slack, Discord or Telegram, um you've
got more security. And also what we're
going to be doing today is walking
through this update together, what
changed, what it means for you, how to
make sure OpenClaw is running the new
version right now so that none of these
fixes get left on the table. Let's get
straight into it. So you can see the
update announced right here. It
literally just came out a few hours ago.
And if you want to get the full details,
what it means, etc., you've got the
change log inside openclaw right here.
So we're going to run through some of
the latest updates and what it means for
you. So you can see here the changes. So
Android and chat improved, streaming
delivery and handling markdown. You've
got startup performance, UI chat compose
improved, the heartbeat config is set
up, onboarding security, branded
documents improved, agent config
implemented, and also better DM delivery
for the heartbeat messages too. Then
there's a bunch of fixes here right
here. I will say that it has become as
it's expanded more and more buggy. Like
the first time I set up Open Glow, it
wasn't as buggy as it seems to be now.
It seems to be getting more and more
buggy over time. Now, if we want to
actually get this running and get the
party started in terms of the update, we
can do that directly inside open claw
right here. So, you can see this morning
actually upgraded um directly to this.
So, if you want to update your own um
open claw, you can just set up automatic
updates inside your settings here. So,
you just go to your config then all
settings and then go to
updates inside the all settings bit.
Let's find that. Yeah, updates here and
you just switch on automatic updates and
then just make sure that you're running
this right. So you can see here, for
example, we've got auto update enabled
in our settings, which means it should
automatically upgrade to this. The weird
thing is it says 18th of February up
here, which is strange. And then if you
go inside the chat, let's have a look
here. Let's try this out. So I'm just
going to say, okay, um, update to the
new version of OpenClaw.
And then what I'm going to do is link
directly to that. See if it works. Now,
I will say sometimes it's super buggy
and to the point where like I upgrade it
or update it and it might happen right
again. Now, that's why I like to test
this stuff live. Sometimes you update it
and then the gateway breaks where it
just stops replying and that sort of
thing. Super annoying, but we'll see
what happens next and we'll see if this
actually works. I always like to test it
live with you to see if it it does or
doesn't work, etc. That's always part of
the fun. Sometimes what you have to do
as well is just like uninstall it and
then reinstall it to get it working
again as well. um even when you've got
auto update set up. So, let's see what
it does next. It's definitely thinking
about it. And there we go. It's stopped
responding and the gateway has stopped
responding here, but now it's actually
updated. So, you can see it has switched
to version uh 2025, which is great. So,
we're just going to make sure this
works. So, it's beginning to fetch all
the new updates from GitHub, which is
great. Let's just make sure it's working
again. Now, you can see here it says
25th of February. So, we are on the
newest update. Boom. Shakalaka, we're
running. We're living the dream. We're
on the new version of open claw like you
can see and then we can just go off and
implement tasks and that sort of thing.
So it was pretty simple actually.
Creator says anti-gravity remove new
version. Not sure what you mean there
but feel free to expand into that my
friend. But yeah you can see the updates
here. So if you want to update here's
how you do it. You just go inside. This
is what I did. This is what works for
me. And bear in mind like I've installed
it a lot and uninstalled it and tested
different approaches. Sometimes if you
just say update it breaks. This method
seems to work really well which is just
update to the new version of opencore
and then a link to the relevant GitHub
page where the update is and that seemed
to work and if it stops responding for
like a minute or so totally normal. If
it stops responding completely that is
not normal. You may have to run through
the open core demon and that sort of
thing. So let's just run through the
beginner's guide to all of these
updates. You don't need to be a tech
genius to understand this update. You
just need to know what it changed, why
it matters, and what to do about it. All
right, so just before we even get into
this, what even is open claw? Before we
dive in, let's start from zero. So open
core is like a control room for AI
assistance. So imagine you have an AI
assistant. The AI assistant can talk to
you on Slack, Telegram, Discord,
WhatsApp, all at the same time. Open
Glor is a software that makes that agent
work, right? Handles all the behind the
scenes stuff, the delivering messages,
scheduling tasks, keeping things secure,
and making sure your AI doesn't get
confused or stuck. This is basically
like the engine inside a car, right? But
you don't see it. Um, but without it,
nothing moves. So, this new update fixes
some big problems, adds some smart new
features, and just makes it more secure.
So, the heartbeat heartbeat DM delivery
is back, right? What's a heartbeat? A
heartbeat is basically your AI sending
you a little ping message to say, "Hey,
I'm still working. Here's what I'm
working on." Right? So, like getting a
text from a friend saying, "Still here.
Still good." Right? Except it's your AI
assistant checking in automatically. You
might be wondering, okay, why did they
fix that? Well, in the last update, the
default was set to block these heartbeat
messages from going directly to you.
That means your AI is checking in, but
you're never hearing about it, right?
So, like your friend texting you, but
your phone was on silent with no
notification. So, what's fixed now?
Heartbeat DMs are switched on by
default. Your AI will now send checking
messages directly to you again, the way
it was originally designed to. It's like
your alarm clock working again after
someone accidentally turned off. If you
do want to switch it off, you can
actually run this command as you can see
right here. So you can just edit the
config file or if you just want to block
it for one specific agent, you can
actually use this inside your config
file as well if you're a bit more
technical. Before this update, Harb
messages to your DMs were secretly
silenced after this update. They're back
on loud and clearer than ever. So you're
in control everywhere. The next one is
the sub agent delivery overhaul. What's
a sub agent? So you have your main AI
agent. Sometimes that AI agent will
create small helper assistants to go do
specific tasks. And these small helpers
are called sub aents. Like a manager,
your main AI send in their team members
sub agents to go complete different
jobs. Now the problem before was that
when a sub aent finished its job, it
needed to report back and deliver its
results. But the delivery system was
actually broken in several messy ways.
So sometimes messages got lost.
Sometimes the sub agent would try to
find the right channel to deliver to,
but the system was cold. Sometimes
Telegram actually had a sneaky bug where
it would say it's been delivered
successfully. Um but actually it wasn't.
And then the cleanup process after
delivery was quite messy as well. So
what's fixed now? Well, the whole
delivery process was rebuilt from
scratch using what's called a state
machine, which is like a checklist with
clear steps, right? So cue the message,
try to deliver it directly. If that
fails, use a backup route and only mark
it as done when we're sure it actually
got it. Right? So basically, you just
get more reliable messages from the sub
agents. No more um confirmations that
don't actually work, etc. And then also
we've got Slack thread fixes. What's a
thread session? So when you're chatting
on uh when you're tracking when you're
chatting with Slack on openclaw, each
conversation can happen inside a thread.
Right? And open claw treats each thread
like its own private conversation called
a session. Sometimes a thread inherits
context from its parent. Right? This is
useful. It means your AI remembers what
was discussed before. The problem was
before there were a few problems like
silent overflow um wrong routting and
oversized page blocks right so basically
this has all been fixed now and it gets
better context and also chronobs now
deliver to the right account so in plain
English what does that mean slack
threads don't mysteriously break anymore
you shouldn't see error messages so many
times but if you do you actually see
them and then schedule tasks should go
to the right place so that's basically
it and then there's a bunch of security
improvements like you see. There's
actually like quite a lot of them. Um,
if you want the full guide, it's all
inside the AI profitable volume link in
the comments and the description. If you
want to learn more about AI automation,
how it works, what it does, etc. Check
out the AI. This is my AI automation
community. And you see there's 2,500
people in here. So, you can always go
inside the community, ask questions, get
help, get support whenever you need to
as well. And also, you can meet people,
you know, share your wins, that sort of
thing. We have a daily accountability
group. So if you find all this stuff
overwhelming or you just want to focus
or you get information overload or shiny
object syndrome, you can post your goals
inside this thread and stay focused.
Inside the classroom, you get all my
best trainings. And inside the calendar,
you can see we have four video calls per
week where you can get live coaching and
training and share your screen um and
get video coaching in real time. If
you're wondering, okay, is it just me
that's winning with this? As you can
see, loads of people are getting awesome
results with it, which is great. You can
see Bobb's been building some awesome
stuff. You can see Lonnie is absolutely
crushing it. Bunch of people just
getting really good results, which is
absolutely awesome. As you can see right
here. Now, inside the classroom, you get
access to all of my best training. So,
for example, you can go from beginner to
expert in just 5 weeks. Plus, learn how
to build your first AI agent in under
five minutes with these trainings. You
can get all my best playbooks. So for
example, how to automate AI avatar
videos, how to automate X, shorts,
Instagram and newsletters. And then also
if you want to get daily updates, we
actually and I personally look at what's
been released each day and then break
down all the best updates and what's
come out recently to help you the most.
Right? So you can see, for example,
today alone, we've added five new guides
based on what I think is super useful
for everyone watching. And this just
helps you get the latest news and break
down everything that's going on. So you
can stay laser focused and just focus on
on what matters as well. And then also
inside the classroom, you can for
example watch back the coaching calls
over here if you miss them. You can
learn how to get more clients with the
agency course. You can learn how to rank
number one with AI SEO and you can also
grow and learn how to grow a YouTube
channel with AI based on what's working
for me. So that's all inside the AI
profit boarding link in the comments
description or go to the
arprofitboarding.com. Open Glor just
dropped another update. If you're still
running the old version, your bot is
basically missing out my friend. We
update patches over a bunch of 30
security issues. Um, and also there's a
bunch of other stuff fixed. So, for
example, your bot would just keep going
even when you told it to stop. Now, when
you say stop, it actually stops in 10
different languages. They fix stop. Uh,
WhatsApp disconnecting randomly, fix
duplicate messages on Telegram, fix the
typing bubble disappearing halfway
through a reply like the bot just
ghosted you. And there's a brand new
Android app with a completely fresh
redesign. Today, we're going to update
it together. For right now, I'm going to
show you every new feature. Um, so you
know exactly what changed and how to
make sure everything is still working
properly after the update. Takes about 2
minutes normally or sometimes just
completely breaks. Let's see what
happens. Um, we'll test out now. So, you
can see the update right here. So,
if you want to update this directly,
we can go inside the config here. If you
do just want to enable auto updates, you
can enable them over here. So you can
click on auto update here and that just
enables you to auto update every time
there's an update. There does seem to be
a new update like almost every single
day
and then I'm going to say update
yourself
to the latest version of open claw.
Demon says nice update. It's me says did
I miss a build out? Well you can always
rewind if you did if you're talking
about claw coork. We're now on the
update for open claw right now. Look at
that. That is broken, my friends. I'm
just going to reinstall it inside the
terminal cuz that is totally struggling
again. If you watch my last video on the
update, it actually works perfectly. But
like I said, sometimes it does struggle
to to set up these updates and it just
breaks. So, I've just run through the on
boarding again to get this rebuilt
because it's totally broken. Look at
that. There we go. All right. So, we had
to restart the gateway. Still on the old
version, it looks like. Let me just test
this out. Let's restart the gateway.
This is interesting. So, it says it's
updated to.
Let's have a look here. Let's just
double check what version you on. Yeah,
she says, "Man, you need to update this.
We don't." Not sure what that's about.
Does it depend on the model you are
using when you're updating? Yeah,
there's some there's some versions that
are better than others, right? For sure.
And then it says I'm on OpenC uh 25th of
February CLI. And then if we go to
config here,
just going to enable auto updates here.
Yeah, there we've got it. We'll get it
to check every hour for new updates.
Yeah, says, "I've been following you for
months. Thanks very much." All right, so
we've updated. Now, I will say that was
it does break all the time this gateway.
So, just just be careful with that cuz
sometimes it's really smooth to update.
Sometimes it's totally broken. Probably
the easiest way is just allow auto
updates in the background. Keep it
running in your terminal. If you want to
know, okay, what are the changes so far?
So, here's some of the ideas. So, for
example, auto apply and abort shortcuts.
So you can expand standalone stop
phrases like stop claw, stop action,
stop run, etc. You've got Android
and app UI, which is pretty cool. So you
can connect chat, voice screen, etc. Add
a full connect. Liber says, "I have
heard we can use it for our phone, too.
I appreciate your consistent by the
minute. I read a post about it. I know
this will be on live by Julian.
Appreciate the consistency." Yeah, so
you can use it via your phone. They've
now got the Android app as well. They
had an iOS app that came out earlier
this week. And of course, you can
already use it through Telegram,
WhatsApp, and everything else. So, you
can use this on your phone however you
want to basically right now. And then
you've got a bunch of security updates
as well. They've updated the heartbeat,
which is basically the rhythm that it
rechecks and does stuff in the
background. For example, like updating
tasks and schedule tasks and that sort
of thing. You got a bunch of routing and
auto reply updates here and a bunch of
stuff right there. So, that's basically
it when it comes to the update. Wasn't
that smooth to be honest, so just be
aware of that. Let's see what else we
got. Flavin says, "I tried to use agent
zero and it seemed more stable than
openclaw, but open claw has so much
power funding now behind it. Learning
agent zero doesn't make sense because
open claw will fix everything." Yeah, I
mean it depends like it depends what
you're using and how you use it etc.
Right. So um
like agent zero is a lot more stable. It
doesn't break as much. It does a lot of
powerful things. It's one on test when
I've compared them side by side. So it's
up to you which one you want to use. I
do think it's worth like checking out
these tools and just trying them and
seeing you know being open-minded and
seeing which one you prefer the most.
Just cuz like everyone in the world is
using open claw doesn't mean that open
core is the best option right like
you've got for example cla co-work that
can now schedule tasks you've got claw
code that can run remote control
sessions you've got for example stuff
like ai computer use manus manus has
been the smoothest out of all of them
that I've tried to be honest so what
even is openclaw openclaw is a software
that lets you run an AI system like a
chatbot that connects apps you already
use discords telegram slack etc think of
it like an AI agent that lives in your
phone and computer and talks to people
for you across multiple apps at the same
time. This update means a bunch of fixes
and new features, right? How to update?
You can do it like this. You can
actually just type in a command, I
think, as well to update it inside the
terminal. And what's new? Well, your bot
finally stops doing stuff. It works in
10 different languages now. It even
understands the French word for stop as
well. You got typing indicators that
actually work. So, before it would
disappear in the middle of a long reply,
making it look like the bot ghosted you.
Now, it stays alive the whole time until
the reply is done. You got a brand new
Android app. So, if you use OpenClaw on
Android, that's a whole new design. New
tabs, connect, chat, voice, screen, and
settings. And then you also have Windows
um PowerShell 7 support as well. There's
a bunch of security fixes, too. And
there's a bunch of bugs that got fixed
as well. All right. Um some common FAQs.
Do you have to update? You don't have
to, but the security fixes alone
probably make it worth it. Will updating
break anything? Yes, as you've seen
today. And if something breaks after you
update, I just ran through the open claw
GitHub setup instructions again and that
seemed to work. So, thanks so much for
watching. If you haven't already, check
out the AR Profitable Born. We actually
have a full 6-hour course on Open Claw
and how to use it. We add new updates on
Open Claw and all the other alternatives
to it. Like for example, today we'll be
testing out Perplexi Computer. We've
already tried out Claude Co-work.
Yesterday we covered toggle for open
core which can actually see all your
browsing history, see what you're
working on, check if you're productive
and then give you updates inside
openclaw for ideas to automate stuff
too. Even checked out remote control for
claw code and every day we update this
community. This is focused on helping
you save time, grow and scale with AI
automation and you can check it out
inside the link in the comments
description or go to the arprofit.com.
Inside the community you can post
questions, meet cool people and get help
and support whenever you need to. You
can also see, for example, inside the
calendar, we do four weekly coaching
calls. You can get help and support
whenever you need it. You might be
saying, "Okay, Julian, is it just you
that's winning with AI? Like, I can't
understand this stuff, etc." You can see
we actually have over 130 pages of
testimonials from people winning with AI
automation. Right? So, for example,
Russell just landed his first client um
using an AI avatar. You've got Chris who
built his first ever NA10 automation in
just 3 days. So, people are really
winning with this stuff and getting
results. And it's not just me. As you
can see, loads of people um are getting
awesome stuff. So, the other thing that
you get inside the AR profitable
boardroom is all of my best training.
So, for example, you can go from
beginner to expert in just 5 weeks and
learn how to build your first AI agent
in under 5 minutes. Top of that, you'll
get all my best playbooks for, for
example, automating emails, X and
Twitter, newsletters, shorts, AI avatar
videos, etc. You get all of these inside
the AI profit boardroom. And
additionally, inside the classroom, you
can get our daily updates, which you'll
find right here, along with a 3-hour
course and another 6-hour course, plus
step-by-step guides on exactly how to
use Open Claw. Additionally, you'll
learn how to get more clients with the
agency course. You can learn how to rank
number one with AICO over here, and also
how to grow a YouTube channel with AI
based on what's working for us, too. So,
feel free to get that. Today, we're
going to be testing what might be one of
the most important skills you can add to
your open call right now. And we're
going to test it today together to see
if it actually lives up to the hype. So
this is the new release from toggle for
open claw and for the first time ever
your AI agent can see everything you do
on the web right so this is like a
browser extension that you can add to
chrome and then it analyzes all your
browser actions clicks work meetings
documents adds it to the context of what
you're working on inside open claw which
is pretty interesting to see and you can
see the full website right here right so
it can for example like take in uh
Google sheets gmail slack notion and
then give it more context inside
openclaw based on what you're actually
working on. Because here's the problem
with open core that nobody talks about,
right? Every time you open it, it's
starting from zero. Has no idea what
you're working on yesterday. No idea
what projects are sitting unfinished and
no idea what you are keep doing and
over. You have to kind of explain
everything from scratch. Your AI agent
is basically showing up to work every
day with Amnesia. Toggle claims to fix
that. It's a skill you can plug straight
into your open claw. I'm going to be
testing out today um and seeing if it
works the way it says it works. And
we're going to install it right now. set
up live and see exactly what it does and
what it doesn't do. Let's get straight
into this. So, we can start with a trial
here and then we can sign in to our
account and then we should be able to go
from here. Let's try and log in. One
thing to bear in mind here is like I had
to just enable some of the settings
inside Chrome which you can do here and
then we're going to test this out. So,
this is what the dashboard looks like.
So, let's try and install this. Here's
the extension. We're going to add this
to Chrome. By the way, this is like it
seems to be in beta. So, like if you
don't want to install it, you know, you
don't have to. you can just watch my
videos and learn from this. Um,
I don't recommend testing this out for
everyone. It's just like something I
want to test and show you on YouTube.
So, it seems like it's connected now
with the extension. And then you can see
here it's like active time, focus time,
etc. You got insights panel. All right.
And then we just need to set up uh and
connect this to open claw like you can
see, right? So, if we click on open
integration, so we need to grab this and
then install it into
the chat I guess we can do and then we
can install toggle and grab the API key
and give it. All right, so let's try
this out in the background and see how
we go. So I'm just going to go over to
open claw and we should be able to
install it inside the chat. So I'm going
to grab the install toggle skill command
here. Then we'll go back over to open
claw, paste this inside the chat and I'm
going to actually give it the URL as
well to check out if you have any
questions whilst you're watching live.
By the way, feel free to ask. So, it
seems to be actually checking out the
page directly via browser
control
and then it's going to try and install
this. We'll just wait for that to load.
There we go. So, it's installed it now.
Took a little while. It says set the API
key
and then we can run it inside a terminal
command to set this up
and then test it using that. Bear in
mind, I'm still on the free plan with
this. Just a quick note as well, if
you're like, you know, thinking about
installing any skills into
open claw, just always check like the
um, you know, check the the skill MD
file before you install anything like
this. I I install it cuz I want to show
you stuff, but um I may uninstall it
after. Now, once you've done it, it will
look something like this once you've
given it the API key or set your API key
inside the settings of the config.
Right? So, we've set it all up here.
And then if we go back to
the details inside toggle, it says first
run set up the scheduleuler. So it says
the first time you run the toggle skill,
open claw will prompt you to create
auler. This runs in the background and
periodically
workflow data from our servers keeping
your assistant up to date. Right. Um so
I'm going to paste this prompt right
here to get this set up. So go back
inside openclaw, paste that in. And I
think essentially what that would do is
every hour based on what I'm working on
inside my browser because it's got the
information from my browser using this
extension. Every hour it will fetch the
data um and then give me ideas on what I
can automate and that sort of thing. In
terms of what it can actually do whilst
it's setting up theuler
um you can see here. So it says your
agent knows what you're doing in the
browser real time. Um no other skill
gives your claw enough context to act on
its own. Pogle runs chron jobs and event
triggers that deliver real insights
right to your telegram or discord. And
then it can do for example like daily
digest. So it can give you like end of
day reports dropped into your DMs what
you did, how often um how deep you went,
what left what's left open, right? And
that's an example of what it looks like.
Can also for example give you a nudge on
any projects that went cold. So if you
like forget about something that you're
working on, then it will automatically
give you the heads up right with a
message like this. And then context
switch alert. It's pretty interesting.
So, if you're like kind of wasting, it's
kind of like a productivity app, I
guess, where you know, if you've been
like jumping around from tabs and you're
not really focusing on something and
that sort of thing, then it will
actually give you a context alert that
says you've switched between eight tabs
in the last 22 minutes, for example,
without going deep on any of them. Your
focus score dropped to this. So, it
actually gives you a focus score, which
is pretty cool. It's like your most
meaningful recent session was this. Um,
want me to close the noise and help you
get back into that? So, it's really,
really cool. pretty interesting. You can
see here, for example, what did I get
done yesterday? And you can use this to
get onto it. The same with this. And it
just really breaks down like what you're
working on, what you're doing, and that
sort of thing. And then you can actually
ask it like, okay, what repetitive stuff
am I doing that I could automate? And it
will analyze what you've been working on
and give you ideas on what you should be
automating, which I really like. I like
the idea of that. Now, obviously, this
is fed in from your browser and what
you're working on using the Chrome
extension. So, it's a really cool idea,
really interesting idea. And this is all
taken from your Chrome browser and what
you're actively working on in real time.
So if we go back to the chat now, we
have this set up. So it's set up to
schedule tasks. One of them is the
hourly sync and one of them is a daily
automation sess sessions, right? So it's
fetching um what you worked on and then
it suggests one to three automations
based on what you actually work on, what
your actual browser history is, which is
kind of crazy, right? Like you can look
up what you're working on and then give
you ideas. I really love the idea of
this. I think you do have to be careful
with any skills that you install. So,
you know, if you're not sure about this,
don't do it. Or if you're running it on
a, you know, maybe a VPS might be
better, something like that. But it is a
really cool idea. And the fact that it
can track
what you've got open, what tabs you're
working on, you know, how deep you went
on your work and that sort of thing is
really, really cool. So, really easy to
set up. Um, super smooth. I've
definitely not come across many skills
that are actually useful when it comes
to open claw. That is one of the few
ones. So, that's one of the top 10%.
Yeah, really cool. So, if you want to
get um all the video notes from today,
you can get that inside the AI profit
boardroom. You can see it right here.
And basically what we do inside here is
we've given you the
full framework that turns your AI agent
into something that actually gives you
context and really understands what
you're working on. Right? So,
we've broken that down into four layers
like you can see. And then we've also
given you some demo prompts you could
test like for example a daily digest.
You know, you could say something like,
"Based on today's sessions, give me a
full end of day standup. List every
project I worked on, how long I spent on
them, what got completed, what's still
open, and format it so I can share with
my team." Right? And you could also, for
example, say, "Scan tox uh project
history, find every project that's been
idle, rank them by how much time I've
previously spent on them, and tell me
which one I should pick back up today
and why." Right? So, there's some really
interesting use cases for this as a
productivity app. We've also given you a
30-day road map on how to use toggle X
as well with your open claw and uh 100
prompts you can test out with this as
well. So, this is all inside the AI
profit boardroom. We add new guides in
daily. So, for example, like notion
custom agents just got released. We did
a video guide right here. Discord
parallel agents, remote control for claw
code, etc. We have full guides on pretty
much all the new updates that came out
like you can see. And we update this
daily. And uh this is a community that's
focused on helping you save time and
scale with AI automation. And you can
see there's 2,500 members inside here,
which means there's always people online
that you can learn from and ask
questions to and that sort of thing,
right? And you can see that it's not
just me winning with this, right? So,
you can see all the cool wins that
people are posting right now. All the
results people are getting as you can
see right here. And also inside the
calendar, we have four weekly coaching
calls. So, you can ask questions, get
help, get support whenever you need
them. And inside the classroom, too, you
can go from beginner to expert with AI
automation in just 5 weeks. Plus, learn
how to build your first AI agent in
under five minutes. You can also get all
my best playbooks that I personally use.
So for example, automating X
newsletters, shorts, Instagram, AI
avatar videos, etc. And then
additionally, we have inside the SOP
update section, all the latest guides
that we update daily, right? We're
probably one of the most active
communities in the world when it comes
to adding new AI automation guides.
Additionally, you can learn how to get
more clients with this section. You can
watch about the coaching calls here. You
can learn how to rank number one inside
Google and AI search engines with the AI
SEO automation section. And you can also
get a full road mapap based on what's
working for me to grow a YouTube
channel. So that's all inside the AR
profit boarding link inside the comments
description or go to the
arprofitboarding.com. Thanks for
watching. Appreciate it. Bye-bye. Open
claw. Build a full marketing team. So
open claw just changed everything. I
built a full AI marketing team. No
employees, no hiring, no code. It does
the research. It makes the ads. It
builds the landing pages. And it posts
everything live for you. Let me show you
how. So, here is what most people do
when they need marketing help. They do
everything themselves. They spend hours
on it. And half the time the results are
not even that good. What if I told you
there is a way to build a full marketing
team that runs on AI, like a real team,
a researcher, a strategist, a creative
director, and someone who actually
pushes your ads live, all working
together, all automatic, and you just
sit back and review the work. That is
exactly what I am about to break down
for you today. And trust me, this is one
of the wildest things I have seen in AI
this year. So stick around because by
the end of this video, you are going to
know exactly how to set this up
yourself. Hey, if we haven't met
already, I'm the digital avatar of
Julian Goldie, CEO of SEO agency Goldie
Agency. Whilst he's helping clients get
more leads and customers, I'm here to
help you get the latest AI updates.
Julian Goldie reads every comment, so
make sure you comment below. All right,
so let me explain what this system
actually is. is called openclaw, some
people call it claude bow. And what it
does is it gives an AI model actual
access to your computer. So instead of
you copying and pasting stuff back and
forth between chat GPT or claude, the AI
just does the work directly. It opens
files. It browses the web. It uses your
tools. Think of it like hiring a
full-time employee, except this employee
never sleeps and never complains. Now,
here is where it gets crazy. Someone
built an entire marketing team using
this tool. four roles, four AI
employees, and they all talk to each
other and hand off work like a real team
would. Let me walk you through each one
because this is where the magic happens.
Role number one is the ads analyst. This
is your researcher. You give it a link
from the meta ads library of any
competitor and it goes to work. It opens
a browser. It visits that page. It
downloads every single ad your
competitor is running, every image,
every video, every landing page. And
then it gives you a full breakdown. What
hooks are they using? what emotions are
they playing on, what their funnel looks
like, strengths and weaknesses,
everything you would need to beat them.
And get this for video ads. It even
breaks down the script, the hook, the
call to action. It scores each ad so you
know which ones are working and which
ones are not. This alone would take a
human researcher hours to do. The AI
does it in about 10 minutes. Role number
two is the head of marketing. Once your
researcher is done, the AI hands
everything over to the strategist
automatically. No copy pasting, no
emails. It just flows. But the head of
marketing first visits your own website.
It looks at your products, your
messaging, your design, your brand
colors and fonts. It builds what they
call a brand bible. Then it takes all
that competitive research from step one
and creates a full campaign proposal. I
am talking landing page plans, add
creative briefs, video scripts, funnel
stages, the whole thing. This is the
kind of document that would normally
take weeks to put together and the AI
just does it. Now, if you want to learn
how to use AI tools like OpenClaw to
actually scale your business and get
more customers, check out the AI profit
boardroom. Link is in the description.
Inside, you get step-by-step workflows,
automation templates, and a community of
people who are already using stuff like
this to save hundreds of hours. It is
the best place to learn how to put AI to
work for your business. Seriously, go
check it out. All right, let me keep
going because it gets even better. Role
number three is the creative director.
This is where ideas turn into real
stuff. The creative director takes that
campaign plan and actually builds
everything. Landing pages, image ads,
carousel ads, video scripts, all of it.
And here is the part that blew my mind.
The landing pages it creates are
actually good. Like really good. We are
talking clean design, strong headlines,
clear calls to action, social proof
sections, quiz funnels, the kind of
stuff you would expect from a legit web
designer, not some ugly template that
looks like it was made in 2 minutes. for
the image ads. It uses an AI image tool
to generate the visuals. And here is the
smart part. It does not just create the
image and move on. It checks its own
work. It looks for mistakes, wrong text,
weird logos that should not be there,
bad aspect ratios, and if something is
off, it goes back and fixes it. That is
a level of quality control that most
humans skip. For the video ads, it
writes full scripts, short, punchy 20 to
40 second videos with strong hooks and
clear messaging. You still record the
videos yourself because real face to
camera videos perform way better than AI
generated ones. But the scripts are done
for you. All you do is hit record and
read. And then it even creates carousel
ads like full five slide carousels with
headlines and descriptions for each card
ready to go. No editing needed. Now,
here is what ties the whole thing
together. Role number four, the
performance marketer. This is the one
that actually takes everything the
creative director made and pushes it
live. It connects to your Meta Ads
account through the API and it creates
the campaigns, the adsets, the ads,
everything. It sets up your targeting.
It organizes your funnel stages, top of
funnel, middle of funnel, bottom of
funnel, and it puts every ad in the
right place, all in draft mode, so you
can review everything before anything
goes live. You are always in control.
Now, let me tell you the part that makes
this even more wild. Every single one of
these AI skills is just a markdown file.
There is no code, no complicated
automations, no fancy workflows, just
plain written instructions that tell the
AI exactly what to do step by step. That
means you can read them, you can edit
them, you can make them your own. You do
not need to be a developer to use this.
And the way the system works is each
role has what they call an orchestrator
skill. That is the main instruction
file. And then each RO has subsklls for
specific tasks. So the ads analyst has a
subskll for extracting ads from the meta
library. another for analyzing the
creatives, another for checking landing
pages. The creative director has subs
skills for designing images, writing
scripts, building landing pages.
Everything is broken into small clear
steps. And here is the clever part. Each
orchestrator skill has a handoff built
in. So when the ads analyst finishes its
job, it automatically tells the head of
marketing to start. When the head of
marketing finishes, it hands off to the
creative director and so on. the whole
chain runs without you doing anything
after that first message. Now, you might
be thinking, "Okay, Julian, this sounds
amazing, but how do I actually set it
up?" And honestly, it is simpler than
you think. You download the skill files,
you share them with your OpenClaw or
Claudeb, and you literally just tell it,
"Hey, here are some skills for a
marketing team. Can you import them for
yourself, and the AI handles the rest?"
It reads through each file, sets
everything up, and even walks you
through connecting any tools it needs,
like your MA ads account. The other
thing I love about this is you are not
locked into one AI model. You can choose
which provider you want to run it on.
Anthropic, OpenAI, whatever works best
for you. You pick the model that fits
your needs. Now, let me talk about where
I think this is going. Right now, this
system handles competitor research,
campaign planning, creative production,
and ad publishing. But think about what
comes next. What if your performance
marketer could also check on live
campaigns and tell you what is working?
What if it could automatically suggest
changes based on real data? What if it
could pause underperforming ads and
scale the winners? We are not far from
that at all. This is not some far-off
future thing. This is happening right
now. People are building these AI teams
today. And the ones who start now are
going to have a massive advantage over
everyone who waits. So, if you are
running a business and you are still
doing all your marketing manually or
spending hours on tasks that should take
minutes, this is your sign. The tools
are here. They work and they are only
getting better. All right. If you want
to go deeper on this and learn how to
use AI like OpenClaw to actually scale
your business and get more customers,
join the AI profit boardroom. Link is in
the description. You will get full
walkthroughs, automation templates, and
a community of business owners who are
already using these exact strategies. It
is the best place to learn how to put AI
to work and save hundreds of hours every
single week. And if you want the full
process, SOPs, and over a 100 AI use
cases like this one, join the AI success
lab links in the comments and
description. You will get all the video
notes from there, plus access to our
community of 38,000 members who are
crushing it with AI. Drop a comment
below and let me know what you think
about this. Julian reads every single
one. I will see you in the next video.
New OpenClaw Plus Gemini 3.1 update is
insane. OpenClaw just dropped a brand
new update and it changes everything.
We're talking Gemini 3.1 built right in
Discord voice bots that talk for you. A
security upgrade that makes the whole
thing bulletproof. And I'm going to
break it all down right now. So, let's
get into it. Okay, so if you don't know
what OpenClaw is, you need to pay
attention. OpenClaw is an open-source AI
agent platform. It used to be called
Claudebot. And what it does is wild. It
lets you build AI assistants that run on
their own, like fully autonomous. You
connect them to Discord, WhatsApp,
Telegram, Slack, whatever you want. And
then those agents just do stuff for you.
They answer chats. They run workflows.
They automate tasks all without you
lifting a finger. And here's the best
part. It works with any AI model,
Gemini, GBT, Claude, even local models
you run on your own computer. You just
plug them in and go. That's what makes
OpenClaw so powerful. You're not locked
into one thing. You pick the brain you
want your agent to use and you let it
rip. Now, the update that just dropped,
version 2026.2.21.
This is the one that has everyone
talking. And for good reason, because
the biggest thing in this update is
Gemini 3.1 support. Google's newest AI
model is now officially inside OpenClaw.
So, what does that mean for you? It
means your agents just got way smarter.
Gemini 3.1 is better at reasoning. It
handles images and text together. It
understands complex stuff faster. So
when you plug that into an OpenClaw
agent, you get automation that actually
thinks, not just copypaste responses,
real thinking. Imagine you have a
customer support bot on Discord before
this update. It was good. Now with
Gemini 3.1, it can look at screenshots a
customer sends, read the text,
understand the problem, and give a real
answer. That's the difference. That's
why this matters. But wait, there's
more. And this next one is huge. Discord
streaming and voice channels.
Your openclaw agents can now join voice
chats. Let me say that again. Your AI
agent can hop into a Discord voice
channel and talk live in real time. It
streams its responses so people can hear
the agent think and respond.
This is not a gimmick. Think about what
this means for community managers, for
life support, for moderation. You could
have an AI agent sitting in your Discord
server 24/7 answering questions out
loud. That's the future and it's here
right now. Hey, if we haven't met
already, I'm the digital avatar of
Julian Goldie, CEO of Goldie Agency.
Whilst he's helping clients get more
leads and customers, I'm here to help
you get the latest AI updates. Julian
Goldie reads every comment, so make sure
you comment below. Okay, so let's keep
going because there's even more in this
update. Threadbound sub aent sessions.
Now, I know that sounds fancy, but let
me make it simple. When you have
multiple agents working together, things
can get messy. One agent starts talking
about one thing, another agent jumps in
with something else. Context gets lost.
It's like a group chat when nobody reads
the previous messages. Threadbound
sessions fix that. Each agent stays in
its lane. It keeps its context. It knows
what it's supposed to be doing. So, your
multi-agent workflows actually work the
way they should. Clean, organized, no
chaos. Then there's the iOS and Apple
Watch improvements. If you use OpenClaw
on your phone or your watch, it's
smoother now, better gateway stability,
cleaner interface, small stuff, but it
adds up. Especially if you're managing
agents on the go, you don't want your
dashboard crashing when you're trying to
check on your bots from your phone.
That's fixed now. And prompt caching.
This one is a gamecher. Open claw now
caches your prompts smarter. So when
your agent runs the same kind of task
over and over, it doesn't have to
process the full prompt every single
time. It remembers. That means faster
responses, way less waiting around. If
you're running agents at scale, this is
a big deal. Every millisecond counts.
Now, here's where I want to talk about
something important. And if you want to
learn how to actually use tools like
OpenClaw and Gemini to automate your
business and save hundreds of hours,
check out the AI Profit Boardroom. It's
the best place to scale your business,
get more customers, and streamline
everything with AI automation. We show
you exactly how to set up AI agents like
these for your own business. Whether
you're doing SEO, running an agency, or
building something new, the link is in
the description and comments. Go check
it out. Okay, let's talk security
because this part of the update is
actually the most important for a lot of
people. Openclaw did a massive security
overhaul. They upgraded from SHA1 to
SJ256 hashing. Now, if you don't know
what that means, here's the simple
version. SJ1 is old. It's been cracked.
It's not safe anymore. SJ256 is the new
standard. It's what banks use. is what
serious platforms use. So, OpenClaw
upgrading to that is a big deal. They
also improved orth isolation. That means
the way your agents log in and access
things is now more secure, less attack
surface, fewer ways for bad actors to
get in. And this matters because here's
the thing. Some big tech companies
actually banned OpenClaw in the past
because of security concerns. That was a
real story. So for the OpenClaw team to
come back with this level of security
hardening, that's them saying, "We heard
you and we fixed it." That builds trust,
especially if you're thinking about
using this for a business or for
clients. On top of all that, there are
over 100 bug fixes and quality
improvements across the whole platform.
Little things that make a big
difference. Fewer crashes, smoother
performance, less weird behavior. The
kind of stuff that makes you go from
this tool is cool to this tool is
reliable. and reliable is what you need
if you're depending on it every day.
Now, let me give you some tips because
knowing about the update is one thing.
Using it right is another. First, update
to the latest version right away. Don't
sit on old versions.
The security stuff alone is worth the
upgrade. Second, turn on prompt caching.
Go into your settings and make sure it's
enabled. This is free performance, free
speed. There's no reason not to use it.
Third, if you're going to use the
Discord voice feature, test it in a
private server first. Don't just throw a
voice bot into your main community
without testing, set up a test server.
Invite a few people, see how it sounds,
see how it handles questions, then roll
it out. Fourth, if you're running
multiple agents, use the threadbound
sessions. Set up your workflow so each
agent has its own scope. This keeps
things clean and prevents your agents
from stepping on each other. Fifth, if
you're using Gemini 3.1, experiment with
multimodal prompts. Send images plus
text. See how the agent handles it. You
might be surprised at how good it is
now. Now, let's talk about what the
community is saying because it's not all
perfect. Some people on Reddit are
reporting that they have to approve
almost everything they ask OpenClaw to
do. Permissions are popping up
everywhere and some config settings can
be a little glitchy after the update.
So, just know that going in. If you hit
a weird permission issue, check your
config files. Make sure everything is
set up right. The community forums and
the openclaw docs are your best friend
here. But overall, the response has been
really positive. People are excited
about Gemini 3.1. People are excited
about Discord Voice. And the security
upgrade has brought a lot of people back
who left before.
So, let me wrap this up. Openclaw
version 2026.2.21
is a massive update. Gemini 3.1 makes
your agent smarter. Discord Voice and
streaming opens up brand new use cases.
The security overhaul makes it safe for
serious use. Prompt caching makes
everything faster and over 100 fixes
make the whole platform more stable. If
you're building AI agents, if you're
automating workflows, if you're doing
anything with AI right now, you need to
look at this update. It's one of the
biggest ones OpenClaw has ever done. And
if you want to take this even further,
join the AI profit boardroom. Learn how
to use AI tools like OpenClaw and Gemini
3.1 to automate your business, get more
customers, and save hundreds of hours.
The link is in the description and
comments below. And if you want the full
process, SOPs, and over 100 AI use cases
like this one, join the AI success lab,
links in the comments and description.
You'll get all the video notes from
there, plus access to our community of
38,000 members who are crushing it with
AI. Drop a comment below. Tell me what
you think about this update. Are you
going to try the Discord voice feature?
Are you switching to Gemini 3.1? Julian
reads every single comment, so let him
know. I'll see you in the next one.
Automate anything with OpenClaw 2026.
Here's how. OpenClaw just dropped the
biggest update of the year, and most
people have no idea what just changed.
This thing can now automate almost
anything in your business. We're talking
Gemini 3.1 inside your AI agent, Discord
voice channels, threadbound sub aents,
and over 100 fixes shipped in one go.
This is not a small update. This is a
whole new tool. And I'm going to show
you exactly how to use it to grow your
business faster than ever. Open Claw
just pushed their 2126.2.21
update, and it is packed. Like genuinely
packed. Over a 100 fixes, new model
support, new streaming features,
security hardening, iOS and Apple Watch
polish. This is not a minor patch. This
is a statement. And if you're not using
OpenCaw yet, by the end of this video,
you're going to want to. Let me break
down everything that dropped. And then
I'm going to show you exactly how to use
this in the real world to automate your
business and save yourself hours every
single week. So, hey, if we haven't met
already, I'm the digital avatar of
Julian Goldie, CEO of SEO agency Goldie
Agency. Whilst he's helping clients get
more leads and customers, I'm here to
help you get the latest AI updates.
Julian Goldie reads every comment, so
make sure you comment below. First, what
even is OpenClaw? OpenClaw is an
open-source AI agent platform. Think of
it like a control panel for your AI
agents. You can run multiple AI models,
connect them to tools, automate
workflows, and have them do real work
inside your business. It is one of the
most powerful open-source options out
there right now, and this new update
just made it significantly better. Let's
go feature by feature. Number one,
Gemini 3.1 support. This is huge.
Google's Gemini 3.1 is now fully
supported inside OpenClaw. That means
you can now run Gemini 3.1 as the brain
of your AI agents. Gemini 3.1 is fast.
It handles long context really well. And
it is genuinely strong at reasoning and
following complex instructions. So now
inside OpenClaw, you can pick Gemini 3.1
as your model of choice and plug it into
any workflow you're building. To give
you a real world example of how powerful
this is, imagine you're running
something like the AI profit boardroom,
a community built around helping people
automate and grow their business with
AI. You could now set up an opencore
agent powered by Gemini 3.1 that
monitors new member questions, drafts
personalized responses, summarizes the
latest AI news every morning, and sends
a weekly digest to your members. All
automated, all running in the
background, all powered by one of the
best AI models on the planet. That's
what Gemini 3.1 inside OpenClaw unlocks
for you. Number two, massive security
hardening. Now, this one might not sound
exciting, but it matters a lot. If
you're running AI agents inside a
business, security is not optional. Open
Claw has shipped serious security
improvements in this update. They've
tightened up how agents access data, how
sessions are managed, and how
information flows through the system.
This means you can now run OpenClaw
agents in more sensitive business
contexts with a lot more confidence.
Whether that's handling customer data,
managing internal workflows, or running
automations that touch real business
systems. The security is now much
tighter. Now, if you want to dive even
deeper into AI automation, I've got
something special for you. I run a
community called the AI Profit
Boardroom. The best place to scale your
business, get more customers, and save
hundreds with AI automation. Learn how
to save time and automate your business
with AI tools like OpenClaw. The link is
in the comments and description. Number
three, Discord streaming and voice
channels. Okay, this one is really cool.
OpenClaw now supports Discord streaming
and voice channels. What does that mean
practically? It means your AR agents can
now participate in Discord. Not just
text voice too. You can now have an AI
agent that lives inside your Discord
server, joins voice channels, and
interacts with your community in real
time. Think about what that opens up for
a community like the AI profit
boardroom. You could have an AI agent
that answers questions in your Discord
in real time. You could run live AI
voice sessions inside your community
server. You could automate on boarding
flows that trigger inside Discord the
moment someone joins. The use cases here
are genuinely wild and most people
haven't even started to explore them
yet. Number four, threadbound sub aent
sessions. This is one of the more
technical features in this update, but
it's also one of the most powerful.
Threadbound sub aent sessions means that
when an agent is working on a task, it
can now spin up sub aents that are tied
to specific threads. Each sub aent keeps
its own context within that thread. So
instead of one agent trying to juggle
everything, you now have a system where
multiple sub aents can work in parallel
on different parts of the same task,
each maintaining their own focused
context. What does that mean in plain
English? It means your agents are now
smarter, more organized, and less likely
to lose track of what they're doing mid
task. For complex automations, this is a
gamecher. If you're running a content
pipeline, a customer support system, or
a research workflow, threadbound sub
agents mean the whole thing runs cleaner
and more reliably. Let me give you a
concrete example. Say you want Open Claw
to help you manage content for the AI
profit boardroom. You could have a main
agent that oversees the whole content
calendar. Then it spins up sub agents.
One sub agent researches the latest AI
tools. Another writes the script.
Another formats it for social media.
Another checks it for accuracy. All
running in parallel. All threadbound so
they don't get confused with each other.
And then the main agent pulls it all
together at the end. That is a proper
automated content machine. And
threadbound sub aent sessions are what
make that possible at scale. Number
five, iOS and Apple Watch polish plus
gateway stability. OpenClaw has improved
its iOS experience and Apple Watch
support. So, if you're checking in on
your agents from your phone or your
watch, that experience is now smoother
and more reliable. And they've also
improved gateway stability, which means
your agents stay connected and running
more consistently, less dropping out,
less needing to restart things, just
more reliable automation running in the
background while you get on with your
day. Number six, prompt caching tweaks.
This one is about speed and cost. Prompt
caching means that when your agents are
running the same or similar prompts
repeatedly, the system can cache parts
of those prompts. So, it doesn't have to
reprocess everything from scratch every
single time. The tweaks in this update
make that caching smarter and more
efficient, which means your agents run
faster and use fewer resources. For
anyone running automations at scale,
this adds up quickly. Let me show you
how I'd actually use this update inside
a real workflow uh for something like
the AI profit boardroom. Here's a
practical setup you could build with
OpenClaw right now. Step one, set up
OpenClaw and connect Gemini 3.1 as your
model. This is your core brain. You're
going to use it for reasoning, writing,
and decision-making inside your agents.
Step two, create a main agent with a
clear system prompt. Here's an example
prompt you could use. You are an AI
automation assistant for the AI profit
boardroom community. Your job is to help
members get more value from AI tools.
You monitor community activity, identify
the most common questions being asked,
draft helpful and accurate responses,
and flag anything that needs human
review. You are clear, direct and
practical in everything you write.
That's your main agent. Simple, clear,
focused.
Step three, use threadbound sub aents to
split out the work. Create a research
sub agent, a writing sub aent, and a
review sub aent. Each one handles one
part of the task. The main agent
coordinates them. Step four, connect
your Discord integration. Now your
agents can operate directly inside your
community server. New member joins. The
agent welcomes them. Someone asks a
question. The agent drafts a response
for review. A new AI tool drops. The
agent posts a summary inside the
relevant channel automatically. Step
five. Set up prompt caching for your
most repeated workflows. If you're
running a daily content summary or a
weekly AI news roundup, cache those
prompts so your system runs faster and
cheaper over time. That is a full AI
automation stack for a community
business. And you could build this right
now with the new openclaw update. Now,
if you want to dive even deeper into AI
automation, I've got something special
for you. I run a community called the AI
Profit Boardroom. The best place to
scale your business, get more customers,
and save hundreds with AI automation.
Learn how to save time and automate your
business with AI tools like OpenClaw.
And if you want the full process, SOPs,
and 100 plus AI use cases like this one,
join the AI success lab. You'll get all
the video notes from there, plus access
to our community of 45,000 members who
are crushing it with AI. The link is in
the comments and description. Openclaw
plus BMAD is insane. AI just made
building software stupid easy. And I'm
not talking about C-pilot autocomplete
or chat GPT spitting out buggy code. I'm
talking about fully autonomous AI agents
that plan, architect, and build your
entire SAS from scratch. Openclaw and
BMAD changed everything for me. By the
end of this video, you'll know exactly
how to use them to ship real software
fast. So, here's the problem most people
run into when they try to build software
with AI. They open up Cursor or Claude,
paste in a vague idea, and say, "Build
me a SAS." And the AI just starts
coding. No plan, no structure, no
architecture. And 3 hours later, you've
got a mess of files that don't connect,
bugs everywhere, and you have no idea
what happened. Sound familiar? That's
because you skip the most important
step, the step that professional dev
teams never skip. You skip the
blueprint. And that's exactly what BMAD
fixes. BMAD stands for breakthrough
method of agile development. It's an
open-source framework designed
specifically to make AI agents work like
a real software team. Hey, if we haven't
met already, I'm the digital avatar of
Julian Goldie, CEO of SEO agency Goldie
Agency. Whilst he's helping clients get
more leads and customers, I'm here to
help you get the latest AI updates.
Julian Goldie reads every comment, so
make sure you comment below. Think of it
like this. Before anyone writes a single
line of code, BMAD forces the AI to act
like a product manager, then an
architect, then a developer in that
exact order. You don't jump straight to
building. You plan first. And OpenClaw
is the AI coding agent that executes
that plan. It's built to work inside
your codebase autonomously. It reads
files, writes code, runs tests, fixes
errors, and keeps going until the job is
done. Together, they're a two-part
system. BMAD does the thinking. Open
Claw does the building. And I want to
show you exactly how this works with a
real example we'd use for the AI profit
boardroom. Let me walk you through the
full workflow. Step one is what BMAD
calls the discovery phase. You start by
talking to the product manager agent.
And yes, this is a real AI agent persona
inside the BMAD framework. You don't
just throw your idea at it. It
interviews you. It asks things like,
"Who is this for? What problem does it
solve? What does success look like? What
are the core features for version one?"
So, for example, I'd say, "I want to
build a tool that helps members of the
AI profit boardroom track which AI
automations they've implemented, measure
the time saved, and get suggested next
automations based on their business
type." The PM agent would then push
back. It would ask, do you want this to
be a dashboard? Should it integrate with
any existing tools? Is this a web app or
mobile? What's the simplest version we
can ship first? This back and forth is
important because it stops you from
overbuilding. Most people try to build
everything on day one. BMAD stops that.
It forces you to define your MVP hard
and fast. Now, before I go further, if
you're watching this and thinking, I
want to learn how to build and automate
real tools like this for my own
business, you need to check out the AI
Profit Boardroom. It's our community
where we show you exactly how to use AI
automation to get more customers, save
time, and scale your business without
hiring a massive team. The link is in
the comment and description. Now, back
to it. Step two is the architecture
phase. Once the discovery dock is locked
in, you hand it to the architect agent
inside BMAD. This agent reads everything
the PM agent produced and creates a
technical blueprint. It decides the tech
stack. It maps out the database
structure. It identifies what gets built
in what order. For our AI profit
boardroom automation tracker, the
architect might say we're using Nex.js
for the front end, Superbase for the
database, and we'll build authentication
first, then the tracking dashboard, then
the recommendation engine. It produces a
full project brief. This is the document
that OpenClaw will use to actually build
the thing. And here's why this matters.
When you hand a well structured brief to
OpenClaw, it doesn't get confused. It
doesn't go in circles. It knows exactly
what to build, in what order, and why.
That's the difference between AI coding
that works and AI coding that wastes
your whole afternoon.
Step three is where OpenClaw takes over.
You take that architecture document from
BMAD and you feed it into OpenClaw as
your starting context. OpenClaw then
reads the entire brief, breaks it into
tasks and starts executing. And this is
where it gets wild. OpenClaw doesn't
just write one file and stop. It works
through the whole project autonomously.
It creates the folder structure. It
writes the components. It sets up the
database schema. It connects the front
end to the back end. It even runs the
code and fixes errors when they come up.
You're not sitting there copying and
pasting. You're watching an AI agent
actually build your product. for the AI
profit boardroom tracker. Here's what a
starting prompt might look like. You are
an expert full stack developer. Use the
attached architecture document to build
an MVP automation tracker for the AI
profit boardroom. Start with
authentication using Superbase. Then
build the main dashboard where users can
log which AI automations they've
implemented. Keep the UI clean and
simple. Use Nex.js and Tailwind. work
through each task in order and flag
anything that needs my input before
proceeding. That's it. That's your
starting prompt and open claw runs with
it. Now, here's an open loop I want to
come back to later. There's a specific
trick with how you structure your BMAD
project brief that makes open claw
dramatically more accurate. Most people
miss it. We'll get to that in a minute.
Step four is iteration and review. Open
claw will build, but it will also
surface questions when it hits something
unclear. This is actually a good thing.
You want your AI agent to ask rather
than guess wrong and build the wrong
thing. When it flags something, you
answer it and it keeps going. At each
major milestone, you review what it
built. Does the orth flow work? Does the
dashboard display correctly? Are the
automations being logged properly?
You're not a passive observer. You're
the product owner. You check the work,
give feedback, and direct the next
phase. But the amount of actual work
you're doing compared to traditional
development is radically smaller. We're
talking about going from an idea to a
working MVP in hours, not weeks. Now,
let me give you that trick I mentioned.
The thing that makes OpenClaw perform at
its best is what's called a story-based
task structure inside your BMAD brief.
Instead of writing tasks as vague
instructions like build the dashboard,
you write them as user stories. So for
the AI profit boardroom tracker, instead
of saying build login, you'd write as an
AI profit boardroom member, I want to
log in with my email and password so
that I can access my personal automation
tracker dashboard. That single change
makes the AI understand not just what to
build, but why. And when the AI
understands the why, it makes better
decisions about how. Every story should
also have acceptance criteria, simple
bullet points that define when the story
is done. For example, login page loads
correctly. User can enter email and
password. Successful login redirects to
dashboard. Failed login shows error
message. Session persists on refresh.
When openclaw has acceptance criteria,
it can selfcheck its own work. It builds
something, checks it against the
criteria, fixes issues and moves on.
That's autonomous development. That's
the power of pairing BMAD with OpenClaw.
Let me give you another practical
example so you can see how this applies
to a real business workflow. Say you
want to build a simple AI tool for the
AI profit boardroom that lets new
members answer five onboarding questions
and get a personalized AI automation
roadmap for their business. Here's how
BMAD would break that down. PM agent
output tool for new members. Five
question onboarding flow. Output is a
personalized road map. Web app simple
and fast architect agent output single
page next.js app. No database needed for
MVP. Uses clawed API to generate the
road map based on answers. Tailwind for
styling. Deploy on Versal. Open claw
prompt. Build a five question on
boarding form for the AI profit
boardroom. Questions should cover
business type, team size, main
challenges, current tools used, and top
goal. On submission, send answers to
Claude API with a system prompt that
generates a personalized AI automation
roadmap. Display the road map on a
results page. Clean UI with the AI
profit boardroom branding. You'd go from
that idea to a working prototype in a
single session. And that prototype is
real. It works. You can show it to
people. You can get feedback. You can
iterate. That's the speed that OpenClaw
Plus BMAD unlocks. Now, if you want to
dive even deeper into AI automation,
I've got something special for you. I
run a community called the AI Profit
Boardroom. The best place to scale your
business, get more customers, and save
hundreds with AI automation. Learn how
to save time and automate your business
with AI tools like OpenClaw and BMAD.
And if you want the full process, SOPs,
and 100 plus AI use cases like this one,
join the AI success lab. You'll get all
the video notes from there, plus access
to our community of 45,000 members who
are crushing it with AI. The link is in
the comments and description. New Open
Claw upgrades are insane. So, OpenClaw
just dropped four huge upgrades in 5
days. We're talking 1 million context,
Apple Watch AI, new models, and stuff
that changes everything. This is big.
It's new. And honestly, it's a little
scary how fast this is moving. If you
blink, you're going to miss it. So, let
me break down every single update for
you right now. Open Claw just went
nuclear. Four massive updates, 5 days,
over 80 security fixes, new AI models, 1
million token context, an Apple Watch
app, a browser tool that actually works,
and parallel task running that's going
to blow your mind. Let me walk you
through every single update, starting
with the newest one first, so you get
the hottest stuff right away. Let's jump
straight into the big one. OpenClaw
2026.2. 2.22 the maturity phase. This is
the heavy hitter update. First up,
Mistral AI integration, full chat
support, persistent memory, and voice.
So now, OpenClaw runs Gemini, Mistral,
Sonnet, and whatever else you want to
plug in all in one place. That makes
open claw model agnostic. It doesn't
care which AI you use. You pick the best
tool for the job and OpenClaw runs it.
No lock in, no limits. That's like
having a phone that works on every
carrier. Just pick what works and go.
This is a strategic move and it's smart.
Next, multilingual memory. Openclaw
agents can now remember things in
Spanish, Portuguese, Japanese, Korean,
and Arabic. That's not just a cool
feature. That's global scale. If you
work with international clients or have
a global team, this opens the door wide.
Your agent doesn't just speak other
languages now. It thinks in them, it
remembers in them. That's a whole
different level. Built-in auto updater.
Now, it's off by default, so you're in
control. But when you turn it on,
OpenClaw updates itself, stays current,
stays secure, no more forgetting to
update and missing critical fixes. That
moves it from a tool you babysit to
infrastructure that takes care of
itself. Chrome parallel runs. This one
is massive for automation people. Before
this, OpenC Claw ran tasks one at a
time, like a line at the store. Now it
runs them all at once. Pull reports,
send emails, update databases, monitor
alerts, all happening at the same time.
Not one by one, all at once. That's a
huge speed boost. And then a browser
extension that actually stays connected.
If you've ever used browser automation,
you know the pain. It disconnects. It
loses context. Sessions crash. Open claw
fix that. Persistent connection. Stable
sessions. Real browser automation you
can count on. That alone is worth the
whole update. On top of all that,
another 40 plus security hardening
fixes. Every single update. More
security, more stability. They are
building a fortress. That was just the
newest update and it's already insane.
But wait till you hear what came before
it. Hey, if we haven't met already, I'm
the digital avatar of Julian Goldie, CEO
of Goldie Agency. Whilst he's helping
clients get more leads and customers,
I'm here to help you get the latest AI
updates. Julian Goldie reads every
single comment, so make sure you drop
one below. All right, let's rewind to
the next update. Openclaw 2026.2.21.
This is the ecosystem expansion drop and
it's loaded. First, Gemini 3.1
integration. Google's latest AI model
now inside OpenClaw. Stronger reasoning,
multimodal, meaning it handles text,
images, all of it. If you're a fan of
the Google ecosystem, this is huge. Your
OpenClaw agents can now think with
Gemini's brain. Combined with the
Mistral integration from the newer
update, OpenClaw is becoming a true
model playground. Pick any brain you
want, plug it in, done. Then massive
security hardening. Again, more fixes,
more lockdowns. They're not playing
around with security. Every single
update has a wall of security
improvements. That tells you something.
Open Claw is growing up fast. Now,
here's one that got me excited. Discord
streaming and voice channels. Your AI
agent can now join a Discord voice
channel. It can stream. It can talk. It
can show up like a team member in your
server. If you run a community or manage
a team on Discord, think about what that
means. Your AI agent is now part of the
crew. It talks. It works inside the
place where your people already hang
out. Threadbound sub aent sessions.
Sounds fancy. Let me make it simple.
Before this, if you had multiple AI
agents running, their memories could
bleed together. Messy. Now, each agent
gets its own little bubble, its own
thread, its own memory. They don't step
on each other. One agent pulls reports,
another sends emails, another monitors
your database. They all stay in their
lane, clean and organized. They also
polished the iOS and watch apps, made
the gateway more stable, tweaked prompt
caching, and shipped over a 100 fixes
total 100 in one update. That's insane.
Now, real quick, if you want to take
everything you're learning here and
actually use it to grow your business,
check out the AI profit boardroom. It's
the best place to scale your business,
get more customers, and save hundreds of
hours with AI automation tools like
OpenClaw. If you want to learn how to
set up AI agents and automate your
workflows with platforms just like this,
that's where you need to be. Link is in
the description. All right, next up,
OpenClaw 2026.2.19.
This is what they call the biggest
hardening drop yet, and they meant it.
First up, Apple Watch MVP. Now, MVP
means minimum viable product. It's
version one. It's early, but the fact
that it exists tells you exactly where
this is going. your AI agent on your
wrist, not just your laptop, not just
your phone, your watch. That's ambient
AI. Always on, always connected, walking
around with your AI assistant right
there. That's the future. And OpenClaw
is building it now. Next, gateway off
and device management. In simple words,
they rebuilt how devices connect and log
into OpenClaw. That means better
security, better control. If you're
running agents across multiple devices,
this is the update that makes it all
work smooth. Then they did the hotel
version 2 migration. OTEL stands for
open telemetry. Big word, simple idea.
It means OpenClaw can now track
everything happening inside itself.
Every task, every connection, every
agent, all visible, all monitored.
That's enterprise level stuff. If you're
a developer or you run a startup, this
matters a lot. On top of all that, 40
plus security hardening fixes, plugin
and hooks hardening. That's not a patch.
That's a whole new foundation. And now
the dashboard nudges you to update. So
you don't fall behind on security. You
open it up and it says, "Hey, there's a
new version. Go get it." Simple, smart,
keeps you safe. Now, let's go all the
way back to where this whole run
started. Open Claw 2026.2.17.
They called it the chunkiest change log
yet. And honestly, after seeing it, I
believe them. Sonnet 4.6. That's
Anthropic's latest model now running
inside OpenClaw. So, you've got Sonnet,
Gemini, Mistral, all inside one
platform. The model war is real and open
is winning by not picking a side. They
just let you use all of them. 1 million
token context beta. Let that sink in. 1
million tokens. That means your AI agent
can hold insane amounts of information
in its head at once. Entire documents,
entire code bases, long conversation
histories. Nothing gets forgotten.
Nothing gets cut off. That is a game
changer for anyone doing serious work
with AI. Spawn sub agents from chat.
This is wild. You're chatting with your
agent and right there in the
conversation, you can spin up a new
agent to handle a side task. No
switching screens, no setting things up
separately. Just say go do this and a
new agent spins up. That's real
orchestration happening inside a chat
window. iOS share extension. Now you can
share stuff from any app on your iPhone
directly into OpenClaw. See an article,
share it to your agent, see a link, send
it over. It brings OpenClaw into your
daily phone workflow without you having
to open the app every time. Slack native
streaming. Your AI agent can now stream
responses directly inside Slack real
time. No waiting for a big block of
text. It types out live just like a
teammate would. If your team lives in
Slack, this makes your AI agent feel
like a real co-orker. And styled inline
buttons on Telegram. So now your open
claw bot on Telegram looks clean,
professional, interactive buttons right
in the chat. That's a small thing that
makes a big difference for anyone
building customerf facing bots. If
you're not paying attention to OpenClaw
right now, you need to start because
this is moving fast and the people who
get in early on platforms like this are
the ones who come out ahead. Now, if you
want the full breakdown, all the SOPs
and over 100 AI use cases just like this
one, join the AI profit boardroom. This
is the best place to learn how to use AI
agent platforms like OpenClaw to
automate your business, save time, and
get more customers. The link is in the
description and the comments. And if you
want free access to our community, join
the AI success lab. You'll get all the
video notes from this video, plus access
to our community of 38,000 members who
are crushing it with AI. Links in the
comments and description. Julian reads
every comment. So, drop yours below.
Tell me which update got you the most
hyped. I'll see you in the next one. New
OpenClaw update is insane. Mistral AI is
now built in. It remembers everything.
It's in five languages, and they fixed
over 40 security issues in one update.
This is the AI tool update you actually
need to know about. Now, let's get into
OpenClaw 2026.2.22
because this update is packed and I'm
going to break down every single
feature, show you exactly how to use it,
and give you real examples of how tools
like this can help you grow a business
with AI. And we're talking Mistral AI
integration, multilingual memory that
actually works across five languages, a
built-in auto updater, parallel Chrome
runs, over 40 security hardening fixes,
and a browser extension that stays
connected. That last one matters more
than it sounds. Let's go. So, first,
what is OpenClaw? OpenClaw is an
open-source AI client. Think of it like
a hub, right? You connect different AI
models to it. You run them. You automate
with them. You manage memory and
conversations across them. is a power
tool for people who are serious about
using AI to run and grow their
operations. Hey, if we haven't met
already, I'm the digital avatar of
Julian Goldie, CEO of SEO agency Goldie
Agency. Whilst he's helping clients get
more leads and customers, I'm here to
help you get the latest AI updates.
Julian Goldie reads every comment, so
make sure you comment below. And version
2026.2.22
is one of the biggest updates they've
shipped. Let's start with the headline.
Mistral AI is now in OpenClaw chat,
memory, and voice. This is huge. Mistral
is one of the best AI models available
right now. It's fast, it's smart, it's
open, and now you can run it directly
inside OpenClaw with full chat memory
and voice support. What does that mean
in practice? It means you can have a
real conversation with Mral inside
OpenClaw. It will remember what you said
and it will talk back. Here's how you'd
use this for something like the AI
profit boardroom, which by the way is
the best place to scale your business,
automate your work, and get more
customers using AI. We'll talk more
about that in a second, but picture
this. You're running the AI profit
boardroom. You want to use Mistrol
inside OpenClaw to handle your content
planning. You open claw, you connect
Mistrol, and you say you are a content
strategist for the AI profit boardroom.
Our community helps business owners save
time and get more customers using AI
automation. Plan a 30-day content
calendar focused on AI automation tips,
productivity wins, and community success
stories. Mistral comes back with a full
30-day plan. And here's the key part.
Because memory is now built in, next
time you openclaw and talk to Mral, he
already knows who you are. It knows your
brand. It knows your goals. You don't
start from scratch every single time.
That alone saves hours. If you are using
AI tools like OpenClaw and you want to
learn how to actually use them to grow
your business, get more customers, and
save hundreds of hours, the AI profit
boardroom is where you want to be. It's
a community built specifically to help
you scale with AI automation. Real
tools, real use cases, real results.
Link is in the comment and description.
Now, back to the update. And the voice
feature means you can talk out loud, get
a response back, and work hands-free.
You're building something, you're
driving, you're on a walk, you keep
working. This is what real AI
integration looks like in 2026. Now,
let's talk about one of the most
underrated features in this update.
Multilingual memory, English, Spanish,
Portuguese, Japanese, Korean, and
Arabic. Open Claw now remembers your
conversations across all five of those
languages. That's not just a translation
feature. That's memory that works no
matter what language you're operating
in. Why does this matter? If you're
growing a community like the AI profit
boardroom globally, and a lot of us are.
Your audience is not just English
speakaking. Your members, your leads,
your customers, they speak different
languages. And when you're using AI to
build content, handle outreach, run
automations, you need the AI to
understand context, not just words. With
multilingual memory and open claw, you
can have a conversation in Spanish.
switch to English and the AI still knows
who you are and what you're working on.
Here's a real example prompt you could
use in Spanish
boardroom.
That translates to I'm the creator of AI
Profit Boardroom. I want to create
content to speak to my Spanish audience
about how AI automation can save them
time. Open Claw remembers that. Next
session in English, you can say continue
with the Spanish content plan and it
knows exactly what you mean. This is how
you scale globally without hiring a team
of translators or starting every AI
conversation from zero. Okay, onethird
of the way through and I have to mention
this built-in auto updater off by
default. This one is smart. Openclaw now
has a built-in auto updater. It checks
for new versions and can update itself
automatically. But, and this is the
important part, it is off by default.
Why does that matter? Because in a
business environment, you don't want
your tools updating themselves
midworkflow without you knowing. And
especially when you have automations
running, especially when you have
integrations connected, a surprise
update can break things. So, the team at
OpenClaw made the right call. They built
the updater in. They made it easy to
turn on, but they left you in control.
How do you turn it on? You go into your
OpenClaw settings, find the update
preferences, and toggle it on. From that
point on, Open Claw will check for new
versions and update when you're not
using it. For most individual users,
turn it on is convenient. You'll always
have the latest version without thinking
about it. For teams running automations,
keep it off. Update on your schedule.
Test first, then deploy. That's the
professional move. Chrome parallel runs.
This one is for the people running
automations. And if you're in the AI
profit boardroom or thinking about it,
this is the feature you want to
understand. Chron jobs are scheduled
tasks. You tell openclaw run this task
at this time every day every hour every
week of whatever you need. Before this
update cron jobs in openclaw ran one at
a time sequentially. Task one finishes
task two starts. Now they run in
parallel. Multiple tasks at the same
time. Here's why this is a gamecher. Now
let's talk about the 40 plus security
hardening fixes. I know security updates
sound boring. Stay with me. This
matters. It won't release. The OpenClaw
team pushed over 40 security fixes. That
is a significant number. And it tells
you something important about the
project. It tells you the team is
serious. It tells you they did a deep
audit. And it tells you that if you were
running an older version, you needed
this update. What kinds of things do
security hardening fixes cover in an AI
client like this? things like how your
API keys are stored, how your
conversation history is protected, how
the tool handles external connections,
how it manages permissions, whether your
data is exposed when you're running
automations for anyone using OpenClaw in
a business context, and especially
anyone who has sensitive client data,
community data, or workflow data running
through it. These fixes matter. The
practical takeaway, update to 2026 2022.
Do it now if you haven't. Don't run the
old version when there's a patched one
available. And if you're managing a team
that uses OpenClaw, push the update to
everyone. Make it a policy. This is not
optional if you're running a real
operation. And now the browser extension
that actually stays connected. This one
sounds simple. It is not. Browser
extensions for AI tools have a problem.
They connect, they disconnect, you're
midtask, you go to use the extension,
and it's dropped the connection. You
have to reload, you lose context, you
start over. It is one of the most
annoying things in day-to-day AI tool
use. OpenClaw fixed it. The browser
extension in 20.6.2.22
maintains its connection. It does not
drop. You can be working in your browser
for hours, switching tabs, opening new
pages, and the OpenClaw extension is
still live, still connected, still
ready. Now, if you want to dive even
deeper into AI automation, I've got
something special for you. I run a
community called the AI Profit
Boardroom. The best place to scale your
business, get more customers, and save
hundreds with AI automation. Learn how
to save time and automate your business
with AI tools like Open Claw. And if you
want the full process, SOPs, and 100
plus AI use cases like this one, join
the AI success lab. You'll get all the
video notes from there, plus access to
our community of 45,000 members who are
crushing it with AI. The link is in the
comments and description. Open Claw just
dropped a massive update and there are
six things you need to know about right
now because if you're still running the
old version, you're leaving some serious
power on the table. So, you can see this
release just got up updated today. This
is February 24th and um you see the
update is for 21st. So, now they've got
a new way to connect via Kilo Gateway.
You've got Moonshot and Kimmy Vision
enabled. We have more compaction
uh and a bunch of other updates right
now. So, first up, Open Claw now
natively uh works with Kilo Gateway.
That means a whole new way to connect
your AI models and we can check into
that in a second. Then there's Moonshot
Kimmy. Two new powerful AI providers now
fully supported inside Open Claw with
more options, more flexibility. Um,
we're also looking at something called
compaction, which basically means
OpenClaw no longer crashes so much when
you give it a really long complex task.
And it used to give up before, now it
can just figure it out on its own. And
then we've got more security updates as
well. Now, if you want to check out the
change log and a list of all the new
updates that came in, um, you can check
them right here. So, this is the release
that just came out 4 hours ago. So for
example here uh kilo code is now a
provider in the setup and the default
model here is kilo code claude opus 4.6
which is pretty cool. So you can use
called opus 4.6 directly from kilo code
which is pretty nice and then we also
for example have other providers and
faceli gateway
bunch of caching updates. You can see
some more stuff for crown jobs. So for
example like schedule tasks and that
sort of thing. And then we have a new
tools/web
search provider. So you can actually add
Kimmy Moonshot um and enable web search
with that directly. Then we've got the
agents config. So you have sort support
per agent.
Um and a bunch of other cool stuff as
well. A bunch of security fixes,
Telegram fixes, agents, models, and that
sort of thing as well. Um so you can see
all the updates here. I mean these are
coming out every single day which is
pretty awesome. So if you want to
update, let's test out together. As
always, my friends,
this is a bit to see does it break or
does it not. So, um I was actually using
Misra this morning to set this up. I'm
actually going to switch over
the API
on open clause. We'll do that in a sec.
Just going to open up the terminal here.
By the way, if you ever need to know how
to change over the terminal, you can do
it right here as an example. So, if we
go
and we open up this terminal here. Then
we'll paste in this command. Shackle
says, "Can you show how you organize and
manage all these skills in various
imports and versions?" So, past, you
know, like I would just um basically
what you want to do is just keep like a
skills MD file ready to go, right? Like,
and um and with that, you can you can
actually ask Open Claw for a list of the
skills that it's got and just organize
which ones you need and which ones you
don't want. So, that's a good option.
when it comes to like the pace of
changes and that sort of thing. A lot of
updates come out daily. I don't think
you need to worry too much about keeping
up with all of them, right? Like they're
not not every single one's going to be
useful for you. So, it's just something
to bear in mind. It's like, you know,
yes, there's a lot of updates. Do you
need to worry about every single one?
Probably not, but it is fun to keep up.
So, if you ever feel like things are
overwhelming, um, don't worry about it
at all. Where three says, "A quarter
live stream. Welcome here." And Damian
says, "Have I missed anything
important?" So, we've just announced the
new changes of the latest update from
Open Claw. That's what we're doing
today. And now we're restarting the
gateway. And you can see we have version
the 2nd of well the 23rd of February
right here. So that's a new version. Now
if you do want to enable auto updates,
what you can do is go down to the config
over here, right? So you go to all
settings, click on updates, and then
just enable auto updates like this. Then
hit save on your settings. Right? So, if
you ever feel like I'm missing out or I
don't know how to update this stuff,
etc., they added a auto update section
here. And that way you can just say
updated without having to do anything,
which is pretty nice. Previously, you
had to say like update to the new
version, blah blah blah. Um, and it was
a lot of work. So, we also got like the
model section. We got a bunch of new
settings inside uh the config. It's
changed a lot since I last checked it.
And then you can add like new models.
You've got options on the UI, that sort
of thing. You can actually add mission
control now as well. your browser
options too. As you can see, there's a
lot of browser automation settings right
here. So, you can flick through them and
then if you want to manage your skills,
like the easiest way is you just go
through your skills right here, right?
So, you can see what's enabled, what's
disabled, etc. And then you can run
through the list here, right? Um I
always find like that's the easiest way
just to manage it. So, you can see
everything that's um attached and then
you can always install new skills later
as well. Something to pay attention to
as well is this section. So just paying
attention to what schedule tasks and
crap jobs you've got set up inside here
because sometimes you you set some up
you don't really use them but it's using
up API tokens if you don't switch it
off. So just make sure you keep that
handled too. But now we have the new
version uh ready to go right and so I'm
just going to check are you working?
Make sure that's working here. I'm
running this currently with chat GPT
codeex. You can use whatever you want.
Right. So you can see here it's good to
go. Right. Nice. Nice. Now, if we go
back to the new update details over
here, you can see that you can add Kimmy
Moonshop as well, right? And you can add
Kilo uh gateway as a provider. So, quite
interested with the Kilo gateway. If you
ever use Kilo code, it's pretty good,
super fast. So, you can see the details
here. So, I want to have a look at that
right here. I'm just going to open up
the terminal again.
And then we'll stop that. Then we'll run
this terminal command and just see if we
can see it inside the
or provider. So you can see you've got
uh Kim Moonshot here, but you had that
anyway previously. I guess you can just
do more with it now. And then you see
you've got Kilo gateway as an option
here. So you can grab an API key with
Kilo code. Um and you just grab one
right there. Right. So if you want to
get started with Kilo Code, you can just
go to Kilo.ai, click on get started, and
then you've got several options, right?
So you can run it from the cloud. You've
got the app builder and you can also
install this inside Visual Studio Code
or anti-gravity and that sort of thing.
Right? So
if we sign in here, this is what it
looks like once you signed in. And then
you can uh add your own key here.
It looks like they're going to actually
launch your own, which is pretty crazy.
So you can see here you got Kilo Claw.
I've never seen that before. That's
pretty insane. And then here's the
details on how to set this up. Right? So
if you want to set up kilo code, there's
some details on the official website.
I'll add this inside the airrop for
border notes right here.
And then you go to app.kilo.ai,
sign in, and then navigate to API keys.
Or you can actually just go to CLI setup
and insert your API key there. Nice.
Look. All right. So once you've logged
in to Kilo Code, as you can see right
here, you'll see the profile section and
then you can grab an API key over here.
Shackle says you signed up to all of
these with one email address. Not
really. I switch between them honestly.
Like I'm not that organized on which
email address I use, but there's only
like one or two that I use maximum,
right? and the rest. Yeah. And then for
example here we've got the API key. So I
think we can insert that into the
terminal setup for key load gateway.
Let's paste that in. And then you can
use claude opus 4.6 as you can see. So
let's keep that.
We're going to skip all this for now. I
am on the free plan of kilo code. So I'm
not 100% sure if this is going to work
or not but we can try. Seems to be
working. And then if we go back to open
claw over here,
let's check if it's responding. So we'll
switch the API now to kilo gateway. I
think yes, it is working indeed. And say
uh what API are you using right now? And
then if we refresh the page here, you
can see that it's using some of the the
credits we added. Right? So it was at $5
before and now it's gone down. But this
is a free account. So you can see here
it's running Claude Opus with Kilo code
which is pretty awesome. So there you
go. That's pretty awesome. Like you get
Claude Opus for free. I think you get $5
for free with Kilo code. You can test
out see if you like it. Was super easy
to set up. Literally all you do to get
kilo code working with this is you log
in,
scroll down,
get API key,
and then the most important part here is
you want to use this inside your
terminal. Select
kilo code
as a provider insert API key and then
restart the gateway. That's pretty cool.
Nice. All right. So you get claw opus
you get kilo code. Bear in mind as well
kilo code is like if you're not familiar
with this let me talk you through it. So
basically it's designed for speed right?
It's designed to be faster which means
you can iterate faster. You can use
coding agents faster. open claw will
actually respond faster. So it's it's
quite a good way to to be more efficient
with the tokens you get but then also to
increase your output because you can
move faster using something like that
instead of the API directly. So it's a
really good option um something well
worth looking into. So just to recap
here as a summary openclaw dropped a big
update. What is what is openclaw? Open
claw is a tool that lets you connect AI
assistants to apps like telegrams slack
etc. Right? What's in this new update?
So number one, you get new options. So
you can use uh Moonshot and Kimmy, a
Chinese AI to search web. Before
OpenClaw only worked with a few
providers, now it works with more. You
get Kilo Gateway to support kilo code.
You get smarter memory management, uh
better security, and then also there's a
bunch of fixes as you can see right
here. So that's basically it. Thanks
very much for watching. If you want to
get all the video notes from today, you
can get it inside the AI profit boarding
link in the comments description or go
to aiprofitboarding.com.
We have a full 6-hour course on how to
use Open Claw. As you can see, we have
another three-hour course right here. I
update this every single day with new
updates, new guides, etc. to make this
as useful as possible. Basically, what I
do is I scan the whole internet and I'm
like, right, okay, which are the most
use automations that just came out today
and then I create a video and usually a
30-day road map on how to use this stuff
as well. So you can see for example here
today we covered uh open core mission
control mistral on openclaw uh the new
update that just came out four hours ago
and also um some cool anti-gravity stuff
as well. So you get this all inside the
AI profit boardroom link in the comments
description. Inside the community we
have 2,500 members so you can ask
questions, get help, get support
whenever you want. We also have for
example a daily accountability group.
So, if you struggle with information
overload or shiny object syndrome, etc.,
then you can post your goals here and
just stay 100% focused and be held
accountable to what you want to achieve.
If you go to the win section here, you
can see loads of people um winning with
this stuff. As you can see right here,
lots of people getting great results,
like for example, agent zero setups.
Some people saying this is the most
insane learning experience ever, which
is awesome. And then lots of people just
getting awesome results and wins. So,
it's not just me that's winning with
this. That's the main thing to know
here. We also have four weekly coaching
calls per week. So you can ask
questions, get help, get support
whenever you want to. And then also
inside the classroom here, you get all
of my best trainings. So for example, if
you want to go from like beginner to
expert with AI automation, plus learn
how to build your first agent in under 5
minutes, you can do that right here. If
you want to get my playbooks with, for
example, how to automate avatar videos,
shorts, Instagram, X, etc. It's all here
too. And if you want to get the daily
updates, you can see that right here
inside this section. If you want to get
more clients, there have a full course
right there. If you want to watch the
coaching calls, we can we record them
and add them inside this section. If you
want to learn how to rank number one
with AICO, you can check that out here.
And then also, if you want to grow a
YouTube channel, um you can learn that
right there as well. So, that's all
inside the AI profitable. So, OpenClaw
just got an update with Mistral and
today we're testing something I've never
tried before, which is running Mistral
inside Open Claw, right? And we'll do
this live together right now. Here's the
thing. Most people using open claw
usually they're plugged into claude or
chat GPT as a brain and those work great
but why don't we try something like
mistral that's potentially faster more
private works in different languages and
it's free um to get started with all
right um and we're going to test this
out. So with the new Mistral update you
actually get chat you get memory and you
get voice using Misra AI inside the new
22nd of February update. I don't know
how well this is going to work, but I do
know the benefits of using Mistra AI.
So, we'll test out together and see how
it performs. So, if we want to get
started with this, how can we start
using Mistral AI to run inside um Open
Claw? Well, what we're going to do is we
are going to get an API key from
Mistral.ai. As you can see right here,
I'm just going to open up the terminal
as well
and we'll get started on this. So
I'm going to what I'm going to do is
just rerun through
the
onboarding for open claw which we can
see over here. All right. And then I'm
going to run this command to rerun
through the onboarding and we shall get
an API key for Mistral instead. So we'll
run through the quick start, use the
existing values and then we should have
mistral AI. If we go through here, we
just need to get an API key for Mistral.
How do we do that? We can go to the
studio uh Mistral.ai. This is a French
AI company. So let's log in here.
And then we should be able to get an API
key inside this section. Let's
experiment for free. So I think we can
get started for free it looks like. But
let's see. Yeah. So it looks like
they've got a free plan that you can use
which is great. So go to API keys,
create new key, copy that, plug it into
the on boarding over here. And then
we've got a bunch of different models as
you can see. Right. So you've got like
cadestral devstral um ministral etc. I'm
interested to know what people
recommend, but I'm going to go with the
default, which is Mistral large. And
then for this bit, I'm just going to
skip that. We'll restart the gateway and
hopefully we can connect directly to
Mistral using the API. There. There we
go. All right. So, that should be good.
Now, just I want to just quickly at this
point run you through what I've seen
today. Um cuz it does seem like OpenClaw
is sort of broken or it seems a little
bit buggy, right? So one thing you just
want to be careful of especially if
you're using the gateway instead of
telegram is like if you see um if it
stops working or the gateway stops
working just run that command right now
if sometime previously you would just
paste in that command directly inside
the terminal what I've had to start
doing today is just running pmppm
uh before running that command that
seems to actually make it work whereas
previously you would just paste this in
and I'm not technical so I'm not like a
master of the terminal or anything but
this is just what's working for me. So,
I would use this command instead of
using this command inside the terminal
to get it working again. So, I'm just
going to check if this is actually
working now with MR. Let's see see if it
replies. Sometimes it just breaks when
you switch the API, but it seems pretty
quick and fast to reply there. So, now
I'm going to say, okay, what API are you
using? Let's see what questions we got
here. Josier says, "Hi, Julian. Good to
see you." Nikita says, "Hi, as well."
Mr. I've heard uh people have been
having problems
on claw code and anti-gravity. I think
one of them. Yeah. So, basically
anti-gravity, they don't like people
using the oorthth details with um open
claw. I don't recommend it anyway. Like
I mean, if if you're going to run um
open claw, I would recommend using chat
GPT codeex like that's the most don't
use anti-gravity um as oof. And then
Josia says, did you use claude co-work
and claude code in your daily live? I
did yesterday. Yes. And then Ian says,
what GPU are you using for your local
LM? So I just use the uh Max Studio that
I got set up. That's what I used for
running this locally. However, today
we're using Mistra inside open claw. So
we're not using that. So that's it. What
API are you using? And we seem to have
hit the API rate limit which is insane.
So the free version doesn't get you very
far with MR. Just going to be 100%
honest with you. So let's upgrade to
the other version. How did we hit the
the limit so quick? That was rapid. Oh,
it doesn't even say we've used anything
here. Oh, there we go. Well, it doesn't
make sense. Now, it says I'm using
mission controls internal REST API. Now,
it's stopped working completely. All
right. Now, it does say it's using MR
over here. Uh, but then it seems to be
struggling with API rate limits over
here. Let's try a different version of
MR. See if that worked instead. Grab the
API key again. We'll try a Cadestral
instead. Boom. There we go. I'm using
Mistral Cadestro. Yes, I'm working.
What's up? Let's see. How's it going?
All right. So, don't use the Ah, then it
is the rate limit. Look at that.
Uh, that is madness. So, you get one
message on the free plan, I think. Or it
seems really buggy cuz it will like it
will work once and then it will stop
working, you know. Let's try I'm going
to try upgrading the account and just
seeing if that helps. If that doesn't
help, then I'm glad we tested this and
people know. All right, so let's
subscribe over here. Boom. All right,
we've subscribed. So hopefully that's
that's working. Let's see if this works.
All right. So it seems to be more
responsive. Let's just try how fast I
do.
It's pretty fast. It is pretty fast.
Let's see what we got on the questions
before we keep moving on. But that's how
you fix it. So um it looks like the free
plan is is not very good when it comes
to mistral. Like you get one message.
It's just no point. But you can see I
upgraded and then it it became a lot
faster. Let's see what we got in the
questions here. Do you use open cloth
app design and modification of app code
or do you see something else for now the
best I've seen for creating app so far
out of everything I've tested I've
tested a lot of tools is by far rock r o
r k I I created a video on that
yesterday and built like a productivity
app that you could submit to the app
store in about I think it was like 10
minutes it looked really good it was
like fully adapted and everything so I
would recommend that instead of open
core and jio
says best cloud LLM for openclaw that
you I mean obviously like chat GBT and
CLS on it are the best and then if
you're using something like Lama the uh
Quen 3.5 seems good that seemed like a
decent option and then if you want to
run something locally I would go with
like GLM 4.7 flash that seem to work
really well. So let's keep cracking
then. So you can see this is working
now. Um I'm going to say can you create
voice notes?
Says it can't create voice notes only
text. Maybe that's the model, right? So,
if we go back to the update
details,
it says you do get voice with Mistral.
I'm going to say what MR model allows
voice. See if any of them can. Is that
cuz we're is not connected to Telegram
and it can't send voice notes inside the
gateway. Send a a question here and
we'll see if it works. Otherwise, I'm
just going to Google it.
Vaura. Okay. Um I want to say can you
use Voxra
for voice notes? H interesting. All
right. Let's check out the open call
documentation. Mistra. Here we go.
Configure config snippet. So I'm going
to copy that. Paste it in here. Going to
say can you set up voice notes? Mistra
using this. All right. Doesn't want to
do that. Nice. It seems pretty hard to
set up the voice notes, right? So you
got memory embeddings. What I'm going to
do, I'm going to go to the legendary
claw code to get this sorted out. So,
I'm going to run a new window here and
say get claw going.
So, I'm going to paste in we got to log
in as well. And I'll paste in the
documentation for openclaw and mistro.
And then we'll grab the github details
from openclaw as well. And then what
I'll do is I'll get my mistral API key.
Let's copy that.
Then go inside the terminal. See if that
can work. Let's see what we got in the
questions. Is mistral better than
miniax? It's definitely faster.
Definitely faster. And it it seems
pretty intelligent so far. The only
problem was it couldn't install voice
notes even with the official
documentation on openclaw and mistral
and also it couldn't even though it's
the we're using the API from mistral it
couldn't like tell me which API on
mistral creates voice notes so maybe
they're just power and par I would just
try them out see which one you like says
you mentioned the new chat GPT update
you just go to your about settings if
you need to update the app if it is
required I saw your rock video can I
bring my own credits for I guess I can
yeah so you just if you want to I I
think you can set up your own API key
inside rock directly if you want to. And
then says, "Hey crew, I just installed
OpenClaw on my MacBook Pro and was stuck
at one point. I didn't get to select my
messaging preference." Yeah. So, you
just run the on boarding again, right?
If you need to run the onboarding again,
here's what it looks like. So, what you
do is you just run this command inside
your terminal, right? And if you you
might need to run pmppm like that inside
the terminal and then you can just run
freely on boarding again including the
messaging glam says something I didn't
realize agent zero is how much disc
space it takes up interesting didn't how
would you rank GLM5 miniax and Kim K25
yeah so I'd put I mean like I think GLM
GLM5 is like right at the top Miniax and
and Kim K25 very close behind to be
honest. All right so I think Claude just
got on with it in the background which
is amazing. So it says I've added
openclaw JSON with the API key blah blah
blah and then we need to restart the
gateway to take effect. So let's try
that now.
All right. So, I got claw code basically
to update this as you can see. Yes. So,
it's working now. You send voice notes.
Trash. It's just not working. All right.
So, I mean honestly from what I've seen
like Mistral Cadestral is very very
fast, but it's not the most intelligent
model. Like we actually have to get claw
code to set up the tech the audio um API
and the config JSON for that. And it
still doesn't work. It still doesn't
know that it can do that if that makes
sense. So we can't send voice notes even
though we've configured it correctly
inside claw code as you can see. So if
we open up the terminal here you can see
that we've added our API key um and all
the details in the documentation here
along with vox inside the provider. But
mistroud just doesn't know what's going
on as you can see. So I wouldn't I
wouldn't recommend switching to this
model unless you need something that's
crazy fast. Right. it it does respond a
lot faster than chat GBT than Claude. It
just doesn't seem that intelligent in
terms of using its own voice
capabilities and also being able to set
stuff up. So if you value speed then you
go with Mistral. If you value
intelligence then you would just stick
with Chat GPT or Codeex. So let's talk
about why would you want to switch or
what are the benefits here right? So I
mean like in terms of what is an API. So
when you use an API app, when you use an
AI app like open claw, right, the app
itself is just a shell needs a brain
plugged into it and that is Mistral that
we use today. But I do think that OpenAI
and Claude is still the best. Gemini was
probably the worst with Gemini 3.1.
Mistral is slightly better. Um, but it
is cheap and it's fast, right? So those
are two good options that I would
probably uh I think if you want
something cheap and fast, then you're
going to go with Mistral, but for
anything else, you just wouldn't use it.
We do have the full setup guide inside
the AR profitable volume link in the
comments description. I'm just going to
delete my API key. Let's make sure we
delete these. But honestly, if I had to
rate it, I would rate Mistra below
Miniax Kim K 2.5 or any of those other
um APIs that come from China that are
open source. So, thanks so much for
watching. If you want to get um all the
video notes from today, plus daily
updates, like you can see, we had new
guides every single day on what the most
interesting stuff that's come out for
OpenCore and just AI in general. We even
have a 6-hour course on OpenCore. You
can get that inside the AI profit
boardroom which is available at the
apiprofitboarder.com or just go to the
link in the comments description. This
is a community of 2,500 people like you
see. You can post your goals inside the
daily accountability group if you want
to stay focused um and and make sure
that you don't get information overload.
Post questions inside the community,
connect with cool people, meet cool
people, um share your wins, etc.
It is not just me that's winning with AI
as well. So you can see for example Eric
landed his first uh client with AI
automation. You see that Dan after two
weeks got his first customer as well and
you can see for example Paul created his
own GitHub with over 100 GitHub stars,
right? So people are building really
cool stuff inside the air profit
boardroom. If you want to get it um you
can see the community right here inside
the calendar. We have four weekly video
calls. You can jump on these video
calls, ask questions, get help, get
support whenever you need them. You can
go inside the map here and meet people
in your local area like you can see as
well and DM them or you know jump on a
zoom call or even meet them in real
life. We also have this training inside
the classroom that takes you from
beginner to expert with AI automation
plus teaches you how to build your first
AI agent in under 5 minutes.
Additionally, you'll get our best
playbooks on for example how to automate
Twitter newsletters, shorts, Instagram
videos, AI avatar videos, etc. Inside
the classroom too, you'll get our daily
updates inside this section. So, we add
new guides, new daily updates, and I
basically look at all the automations
that came out that day, and I'm like,
"Right, these are the most important
ones for people inside our community."
So, that's what I'm going to focus on.
And then inside these new updates, like
for example, the Mistra one, we give you
a 30-day plan. We break down everything
about that update. And then we also give
you like um
100 prompts you can test with these
tools as well. Plus, you can learn how
to get more clients with the agency
course. You can watch about the coaching
course if you didn't make them live. You
can learn how to rank number one with
AICO over here. And you can learn how to
grow a YouTube channel um with AI based
on what's working for me too. And if you
want to see our results with SEO since
we started using Open Claw, you can see
that previously we were getting like 17
clicks a day. Um and then we reached a
peak of like 782 clicks a day uh using
AI SEO with stuff like open crawl. So
that's all inside here. So thanks very
much for watching. Appreciate as always.
Feel free to check out
arprofitboarding.com. See you on the
next one. Cheers. is papa.